Purchasing a Domain from Wix
A domain name is your site's personalized, unique web address on the web. It's the text that people type into a browser in order to reach your site, for example wix.com. This makes it easier for visitors to find your site and helps to make your web presence more professional, by providing a distinct online space for your company and brand.You can browse and purchase a domain for your site directly from Wix.
Before you begin:
To connect your domain to your site, you must upgrade your site. You receive a free domain voucher when you purchase selected yearly Premium or Studio site plans.Purchasing a domain from WixChoose a domain name that suits your business needs. For example, you may want to mention your business name or type of business in your domain name. Search for the desired name and extension (e.g. .com or .net) to see if the domain you want is available. Once you've found the domain name you want to buy, choose how long you want to register it for (e.g. 1 year, 2 years, 3 years). To purchase a domain:
Go to Domains in your Wix account. Click Get a New Domain. Enter a domain name and extension in the search field, then click Search. If the domain is available, click Get It.
Tip: If the domain is not available, try searching for another domain name and/or extension.  Select the registration period and click Continue. Enter or edit your contact information and click Continue. Select the relevant option under Privacy & Security:
    
Private Registration and DNSSEC (Recommended): Get full privacy and enhanced security for your domain. Your personal details stay hidden, and DNSSEC protects your site from cyberattacks. Private Registration: Your contact details remain private in WHOIS records. Public Registration: Your name, address, and contact information are replaced with generic info to reduce spam. Some details like country and organization remain public. 
Note: If you decide later that you need private registration for your domain, you must purchase additional years of domain registration and choose a private registration option.   
Click Continue.  Select your payment method and click Submit Purchase.Need a custom business email address to go with that domain name?Click Get a Business Email to purchase email addresses that end with your new domain name (e.g. sales@mydomain.com).Wix domain pricingThe cost of a domain purchased from Wix depends on several factors: 
Domain extension type (e.g. .com, .net) Local currency (e.g. USD, EUR) Registration period (1-3 years) Privacy protection (optional add-on) Domain voucher usage (e.g. promotional discounts) Local tax or VAT laws (varies by region) FAQsClick a question below to learn more. What should I do if i'm experiencing issues with my bank's authentication process? After submitting your purchase, your bank may require you to verify your identity. If you're experiencing any issues with the authentication process, you need to contact your bank directly. Learn more about strong customer authentication (SCA) requirements for online purchases.How much does it cost to renew my Wix domain?Learn more about the renewal costs of domains purchased from Wix, which vary depending on several factors (see "Wix domain pricing" above). What is the character limit for Wix domains?The character limit of a domain purchased from Wix is 60 characters, except for .com.br, which has a limit of 26 characters.I'd like to know more about the domain registration process? For more information, check out our overview of the domain registration process here. Where can I find a list of available domain extensions?You can see a list of available domain extensions here.How can I add a Business Email to my domain? Get a personalized business email for your custom domain through our partnership with Google Workspace. Can I purchase a 'premium' domain name from Wix?'Premium' domains are domain names that have been deemed high-value by other registrars. They are often bought (and resold) by investors for a profit. Such names are decided by each registrar, at their own discretion.You cannot purchase a premium domain from Wix. You can choose to purchase a premium domain from another registrar and connect the domain instead.Is it possible to remove 'www' from my domain name?The 'www' part is not actually part of your domain; it's a part of the standard URL structure of web addresses. Users can enter your domain without 'www' (e.g. example.com) and they will still reach your site. Wix automatically handles this for you, ensuring your site is accessible with or without 'www'.