Google Ads with Wix: Refund Policy
Learn more about the Google Ads with Wix refund policy as well as what happens to any remaining ad credit if you pause a campaign.Learn more about:
Google Ads with Wix refund policy Frequently asked questions (FAQs)Google Ads with Wix refund policyAd credits added to Google Ads with Wix are paid with a monthly subscription or a one-time payment. These payments are non-refundable.If you pause a campaign, you have the option at any time to resume the campaign using only your remaining Google ad credits.Additional Information:
Wix gets 15% of your payment for running and optimizing your campaign, the remaining 85% goes towards your ad budget which is spent on ad clicks. Prices do not include VAT, which is determined based on your billing country. To prevent your campaign being disapproved by Google, make sure the campaign complies with Google's Advertising Policies.FAQsClick a question to learn more about Google Ads with Wix policy, budget changes and more.How do I view my Google Ads with Wix invoices?All invoices for Wix services can be viewed in the Billing History page of your account. Invoices may include VAT, which is determined based on your billing country.What happens to my ad credit if I pause a campaign?You can pause your campaign at any time. As soon as you pause, the following changes happen:
Your ad is no longer shown on Google. Your remaining ad credits remain in your account. If the paused campaign was your last active campaign on the account, auto renew is turned off for the subscription.Note: Any Google Ads credits that have an expiry date may expire while the campaign is paused.What is the difference between my monthly subscription and a one-time payment?Your monthly subscription is the amount billed monthly for all the campaigns you're running with Google Ads with Wix. The monthly subscription amount is applied directly to the total ad credit each month (ad credit available across all the campaigns).
However, if you want to purchase additional ad credit, you can make a one-time purchase of credits that are added to the total in your account. You can then readjust the daily budget of one or more campaigns as needed. This won’t affect your overall monthly subscription.