CMS: Troubleshooting Dynamic Pages Issues
Dynamic pages in the Content Management System (CMS) allow you to display multiple items without having to redesign your page for each one. By creating unique pages based on a single design, you save time and ensure consistency across your site. However, like any tool, you might encounter some issues while using dynamic pages. This article helps you identify and resolve common problems, enabling you to fully leverage the efficiency and consistency that dynamic pages bring to your site management.Tip: You can troubleshoot many dynamic page issues from the new View Connections page in your collection. This feature is not yet available in all Wix accounts.  
Go to CMS in your site's dashboard.  Click the relevant collection. Click More Actions at the top right and select View Connections. Review the dynamic page URLs, the fields used as URL slugs, and more.In this article, learn how to resolve the following issues with dynamic pages: 
Live site isn't working properly Dynamic list page navigates to the wrong dynamic item page Dynamic list page links go to the same item Dynamic page dataset incorrectly shows "100 pages generated" Button links don't work or lead to the wrong location Empty dynamic item page Non-functional navigational buttons 403 forbidden error message 404 or 500 error page Large space / gap at the bottom of the pageLive site isn't working properlyIf your page and content is displayed properly in Preview mode but not on your live site, make sure:
Your site has been published since you added the dynamic page.  Check that your collection permissions are set to allow the relevant people to view the content. If you have the optional sandbox collection enabled, sync your sandbox collection to the live collection.Dynamic list page links to the wrong dynamic item pageMisconfigured links on your dynamic list page can cause the wrong dynamic item page URL to load. Make sure your dynamic list page links connect to the dynamic page dataset, and the relevant item page. Also make sure each item has a unique URL. Show me how to fix
Make sure the linked buttons or images on your dynamic list page's repeater, gallery, or table are connected to the dynamic page dataset. Learn how to connect a repeater on your dynamic page to the dynamic page dataset.  Make sure the dynamic page links are connected in the dynamic dataset to the relevant item page titled, {Collection name} (Item). Learn how to link to dynamic pages. Make sure that each item in your collection has a unique URL slug so each item gets its own version of the dynamic item page. Learn how to create unique dynamic page URLs.Dynamic list page links go to the same itemSeveral factors can cause the items on your dynamic list page to link to the same dynamic item page version. Click below to learn how to resolve. Show me how to fixThe following issues can cause dynamic list page links to lead to the same dynamic item page version: 
The repeater button was not set up using a dynamic link. Learn more about static vs dynamic links. All collection items have the same values within the Page Link field. Your collection's Page Link field generates the dynamic URLs based on the fields used in the URL slug. Learn how to create unique dynamic page URLs. None of the elements within the item page are connected to the CMS. Learn how to connect page elements to the CMS using a dataset. None of the elements within the dynamic item page are connected to the Dynamic page dataset. Make sure to connect to the dynamic page dataset that connects to the collection the dynamic pages were created from. Learn more about datasets.Dynamic page dataset incorrectly shows "100 pages generated"If you notice your dynamic page dataset incorrectly shows only "100 pages generated", when you have more than 100 pages generated, you can disregard this issue. The "100 pages generated" message may appear, even if you have more than 100 versions of the dynamic page. We're working on fixing this issue with the incorrect number of items displayed in the dynamic dataset. Button links don't work or lead to the wrong location If a link or button doesn't lead anywhere or leads to the wrong place, it's typically because the element is linked to a static destination but also connected to the CMS. Elements cannot have both a static link from the Link icon  and a dynamic link from within a CMS dataset. Show me how to fix it
If an element has a static link, but is also linked in the dataset, disconnect the static link and connect the element in the dataset connection options. This ensures the element directs to the correct CMS content.Learn how to link to dynamic pages.Empty dynamic item pageIf your item page is empty in your editor, it could be because your live collection has items, but the sandbox collection is empty. The editor shows content according to the sandbox collection.Show me how to fix it
If your sandbox collection is empty while your live collection has items, make sure to sync the two. This ensures that the content displayed in the editor matches the content on your live collection. Learn how to sync your live collection to your sandbox.Non-functional navigational buttonsIf a button doesn't work or is greyed out when set to the next/previous item, it's usually due to the type of dataset or the action being used.Show me how to fix it
Use the correct dataset click action: 
    
On dynamic item pages: Use the 'Next/Previous dynamic page' action to navigate to the next or previous item's version of the page. This ensures that visitors are taken to the correct item's dynamic URL. On dynamic list pages: Use the 'Next/Previous Page' action to display the next set of items in a connected repeater or gallery. The number of items displayed is determined by the Maximum Items Displayed field in the dataset settings.   Check the dataset type:
    
Dynamic datasets: Use 'Next/Previous dynamic page' actions only. These actions navigate through dynamic URLs of the items. Regular datasets: Use 'Next/Previous item' actions to cycle through items within the same dataset.   Verify your dataset filters and sorting: The 'Next/Previous Item' actions work according to the dataset’s filters and sorting. If an item is sorted as the last item in the dataset on the page, it won’t allow moving to the next item even if it’s not the last item in the collection. 403 forbidden error messageA 403 error occurs when a visitor does not have the relevant permissions to access a collection that appears on the page. Edit the permissions to allow the visitor to access the page.Show me how
Go to CMS in your site's dashboard.  Click the relevant collection. Click More Actions at the top and select Permissions & privacy.
Learn more about changing your collection permissions.404 or 500 error pageIf your dynamic page redirects to a 404/500 error page, it usually means that a slug change was made. Check that all connected elements are still connected to that page, and if it’s an already published/indexed URL, check if a redirect was created.Show me how to fix itIf your dynamic page redirects to an error page, check if a slug change was made. If so, ensure all connected elements are still linked to the page. If the URL is already published/indexed, make sure a redirect was created.
Verify that all elements connected to the page are still in place. If the URL is already published or indexed, ensure a redirect was created. Compare the URL slug in the page settings to the collection's Page Link field that shows the URL slug. If they don't match, it can cause a conflict and lead to a 404 error page. You can resolve this by updating the URL slug. (If updating the slug doesn't solve the issue) Try removing the dynamic page connections from the page settings. Then, convert the page to a dynamic page, reconnect the elements, and reconfigure the URL slug structure. 
Note: Do not use a hash symbol (#) in the URL field. It can break the page upon refresh, causing a 500 error page, as hashes are intended for anchors.Large space / gap at the bottom of the pageIf your dynamic item page has a large space or gap at the bottom, it's usually because item pages are different lengths, and the layout was not edited in the shortest item page. To prevent this, design according to the shortest item, in its respective item page, and use strips instead of placing elements "freely" inside the sections.Show me how to fix it
Design your pages according to the shortest item. This ensures that all pages maintain a consistent layout. Also, use strips to attach elements inside the sections. This makes your design more responsive and avoids large spaces or gaps.