Using Your Free 1 Year Domain Voucher
You receive the 1 year free domain voucher with the initial purchase of selected yearly or multi-year Premium or Studio site plans. This voucher enables you to register a domain for free for one year. You can renew the domain the following year for the regular price. In this article, learn more about:
Using your voucher Frequently asked questions (FAQs)Using your voucherYour voucher must be redeemed within 2 months of purchasing your plan. You can check the expiration date of your voucher in the Premium Vouchers section of your account.You will need to enter your payment information when claiming your voucher, but you won't be charged. This allows us to process your renewal after the first year to make sure your domain stays live.To use your voucher:
Go to Domains in your Wix account. Click Buy a Domain or Get a New Domain. Type the domain you'd like to claim, including the domain extensions (e.g. .com) and click Search. Click Get It if the domain is available.
Tip: if your domain is not available, you can claim one of the recommended alternatives or try searching for a different domain.  Choose a registration period and click Continue.
Note: Make sure the domain voucher is applied in the summary section at this point.
Enter (or edit) your contact information and click Continue. Select a privacy option: 
    
Full privacy protection: Your contact details won't appear in the WHOIS domain information records. The voucher does not cover the cost of Private Registration. Basic Protection: Some personal information will be public, but your name, address, phone number and email will be kept private. If someone wishes to contact you, they are redirected to a contact form that protects you from receiving spam. You can only change this option to full privacy protection when manually extending a domain subscription.   Click Continue. Select your payment method.
Note: You'll see the voucher discount applied before submitting your purchase. Click Submit Purchase. Assign the domain to your site.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about your domain voucher.What domain extensions can I use my voucher for?The voucher is valid for the following extensions: .art, .at, .be, .biz, .blog, .ca, .ch, .club, .co.at, .co.in, .co.uk, .coach, .com, .com.au, .com.br, .de (Germany only), .firm.in, .fit, .fitness, .fr, .fun, .gen.in, .in, .ind.in, .info, .live, .net, .net.in, .nl, .online, .or.at, .org, .org.in, .pictures, .rocks, .shop, .site, .space, .store, .studio, .training, .work, .xyz, .yogaCan I apply this voucher to a domain I've already purchased?No. The free domain voucher is limited to the purchase of new domains only. The free domain voucher cannot be applied retroactively to a domain purchased before you purchased your yearly plan. Can I use the voucher to renew a Wix domain?No, you cannot use the voucher to renew a Wix domain. The free domain voucher is limited to the purchase of new domains only.Can I apply this voucher to a domain I want to transfer to Wix?Yes. You can also choose to redeem your voucher when transferring a domain to Wix. If you have a valid domain voucher, it is applied automatically when you select the registration extension period for the domain in your Wix account during the transfer process.Does this voucher include privacy protection?The free domain voucher does not include privacy protection. However, you can purchase this option for an additional fee.I'm a collaborator on someone else's site and I need to purchase a domain. Can I apply a voucher?Yes. Billing Managers can apply a domain voucher on behalf of the site owner. Learn more about domain voucher roles and permissions. 