Wix Editor: Using the Layers Panel
The Layers panel clearly lists all of the elements on your page. Depending on the page layout, the panel is divided into the header, main page, and footer, so you can view and select elements to adjust them as needed.In this article, learn more about:
Using the layers panel Working with layers in Dev mode Frequently asked questions (FAQs)Using the Layers panelUse the Layers panel to select and manage elements on your site. This is a great way to locate elements, as well as rearrange them to suit your site's structure and alignment.To use the panel:
Go to your editor. Click Layers  on the bottom left of the editor. Click either Header, Page, or Footer to view the elements in that area. Locate the relevant element from the list and click it. Choose what you want to do with the element:
    
Move the element forward / backward:

Forward: Select Ctrl +  ↑ on your keyboard to move the element forward. (Ctrl + Shift  + ↑  if you want to bring it to the front) Backward: Select Ctrl +  ↓ on your keyboard to move the element backward, ( Ctrl + Shift  + ↓ if you want to send it to the back)   Recenter an element: If you've moved an element outside of the editor viewport, it is not visible on your live site and may cause scrolling issues. Bring the element to the center of your screen to move and manage it as needed.
        
Select the relevant element in the panel. Hover over the Information icon. Click Recenter element.   Customize / adjust the element: Click the element in your editor, and use the available options to adjust the content, layout, and design. Change the order of elements: Click and drag elements in the panel to change their order. This is a helpful way to ensure that the order in the panel matches the visual order on your site.  Working with elements in Dev modeWith the Layers panel in Dev mode, you have even more capabilities while editing your site, so you can focus on relevant elements. Temporarily hide an element from your editor, or focus on a single element by hiding the other content on your page.Did you know?The panel lists the elements on your page based on their ID that you assign in the Properties panel, and grouped elements are displayed under their group ID. To work with the panel in Dev mode:
Go to your editor. Click Tools on the top bar. Select Layers. Click either Header, Page, or Footer to view the elements in that area. Locate the relevant element from the list and click it. Choose what you want to do with the element:
    
Temporarily hide an element: Hover over the element in the Layers panel, and click the Hide in Editor icon . You can click the icon again to show the element when needed. Focus on an element: Click the Spotlight icon  next to the element you want to focus on to hide all of the other elements on the page. You can turn off Spotlight by clicking the icon again.  What's next?
When you select an element in the Layers panel, it's also selected in the Properties panel. This lets you work with the properties of an element that's placed behind other elements, without needing to move things around.  Visit the Velo by Wix Resource Center to onboard and continue learning.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about using the layers panel in your editor and with Dev mode.How many elements can I select at a time in the panel?You can only select one element at a time in the Layers panel.Where can I find elements that are attached to section / containers, or are in a group? Elements inside a section or container (such a box or strip) are displayed under their container element in the panel. Elements that are grouped together are displayed under their group.Does hiding elements / using the Spotlight function in Dev mode affect my live site?If you use the Hide or Spotlight function, the elements are only hidden in your editor, and still appear in Preview mode and on your live site. If you refresh the editor, the elements are no longer hidden.