Wix Editor: Unpublishing Your Site
Unpublish your site if you no longer want it to be accessible to the public. You may wish to unpublish your site if you're taking it down for maintenance, redesign, or you simply no longer need it. After unpublishing, you'll still have access to your site's editor and you can publish it again at any time.Important:Unpublishing your site does not cancel your domain or Premium plan. Learn how to cancel your domain or plan.Unpublishing your siteYou can unpublish your site (either permanently or temporarily) from the editor or from your site's dashboard.Wix EditorDashboard
Open your site in the Wix Editor. Select Site in the top toolbar. Click Unpublish Site. Select Unpublish in the dashboard window. Click Unpublish in the pop-up to confirm.
Go to Settings in your site's dashboard. Click Website settings. Click Unpublish at the top of the page.  Click Unpublish in the pop-up to confirm.Republishing your siteYou can republish your site if you want to make it accessible to visitors again. To republish your site:
Go to your site's editor. Click Publish at the top right. (Optional) Click View Site to be taken to your live site. Click Done.Note:If your site is unpublished for more than a few days, your SEO ranking may be affected.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about unpublishing your site.Can I hide my site without unpublishing it?Yes, you don't need to unpublish your site completely if you don't want it to be found in Google. You can simply hide it from search engines.
Go to Search Engine Optimization (SEO) in your site's dashboard. Select Go to SEO Settings under Tools and settings. Disable the Let search engines index your site toggle to prevent search engines from indexing your site. Click Hide Site.Note: If your site was already indexed by Google, it will take some time for it to be removed.Can I unpublish a specific page instead of the entire site? Currently, unpublishing is only available for the entire site. However, you can hide specific pages from your site's navigation menu or set them to "noindex" to prevent search engines from indexing them. Can I unpublish my site using a mobile device? Unpublishing your site is only possible on desktop.How can I check if my site is unpublished?You can check the status of your site by going to your site's dashboard. If the site is unpublished, you will see a notification indicating that it is not live.If I unpublish my site, what happens to my premium services?Unpublishing your site does not cancel your premium services. They will remain in your account available for you to assign to another site. Learn how to:
Assign a Premium plan to another site in your account Assign a domain to another site in your accountCan I switch my site's template?Currently, it is not possible to switch your site's template, however you can start over with a new template at any time. You can transfer your premium services, media and certain design elements from your old site to your new one.Learn more about which features you can transfer when starting over with a new template.Can visitors still access my site if they have the direct URL?Once unpublished, your site will not be accessible to anyone, even if they have the direct URL. Visitors will see a "Page Not Found" error message.