CMS: Restoring a Deleted Collection
Restore deleted collections from your CMS (Content Management System) backups. Each backup is an archived copy of all your collections. In each backup, you can restore all or only certain collections to override changes made after the backup date. In the collections you restore, all the fields, content, structure, and settings get reverted to the saved version in the backup. Wix App collections are not affected by backups as they get their content from the relevant app (e.g. Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Events). In this article, learn more about:
Restoring collections from backups Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)Restoring collections from backupsRestore a backup to choose which collections you want to revert to their previous versions. To restore deleted collections:
Go to CMS in your site's dashboard. Click More Actions at the top.  Click Backups. Click Restore next to the backup you want to restore.  Click the checkbox next to each collection you want to restore.  Click Restore [#] Collections. 
Click Yes, I am sure to confirm you want to permanently override changes made after the backup creation date.  Click Restore. FAQsClick a question below for answers to the most frequent questions about restoring collections. How do backups work?Whenever you edit a collection, an automatic backup stores an archived copy of all your collections on a weekly basis. You can also create manual backups whenever you want to instantly save a copy of all your collections. Each backup includes all your collections' content, structure fields, settings, and named views. When you restore a backup, you choose whether to restore all your collections or specific ones. Restoring a collection permanently deletes any changes made to the collection after the backup was created. This includes site visitor submissions saved after the backup date. What if I create a collection, then restore a backup created before the collection?When restoring a backup, any collections you created after the backup date are saved. This means you do not lose any collections you created after the backup you are restoring. How do GDPR and other laws affect my data?Restoring a backup does not affect the Personally Identifiable Information (PII) status of a field. If necessary, you can change PII manually in your collections.Wix deletes and restores collections in compliance with GDPR regulations.