Wix Editor Request: Responsive Sites
Responsive sites resize themselves depending on the type of device they are being viewed from.Wix sites built in the Wix Editor are becoming more and more responsive as we continue to add more new and exciting full-width elements which expand to fill the entire width of the screen.We recommend using full-width elements on your site. If you are using elements such as text boxes and images that can’t be stretched to full width, make sure to keep them within the vertical grid lines so that your elements appear correctly on most screen sizes. Click here to learn more.The following elements are full-width and responsive:Strips and columnsAdd strips to your site and split them into columns. You can define how big you want each column and arrange your content accordingly. If you are adding elements to a strip or column, make sure to attach them.Full-width slideshowsSlideshows can be used for almost anything. You may want to use them to spice up your homepage, promote special deals or display presentations. GalleriesThe Wix Pro Gallery and many other galleries are responsive. If the gallery has a Stretch icon  it is responsive and you can make it full-width. Click here to learn more. Horizontal menus and linesHorizontal menus and lines automatically adjust to the screen width. Google Maps and other Wix appsGoogle Maps and other apps created by Wix are responsive. If the app has a Stretch icon  it is responsive and you can make it full-width. Click here to learn more. Notes:Since non-responsive elements (such as images, text and shapes) do not adjust based on screen width, placing these elements on top of a responsive element, such as a strip, may cause differences in the way your page looks in different browsers or on different devices. Check out Wix Studio:If you are an agency or enterprise, you can build responsive sites using the Studio Editor in Wix Studio. This flexible, end-to-end solution includes smart design capabilities and flexible dev tools that let you deliver exceptional results for clients in any industry. Check our guided tour introducing the new Studio Editor.We are always working to update and improve our products and your feedback is greatly appreciated.