CMS: Restoring Collections with Backups
Safeguard your collections effortlessly with CMS (Content Management System) backups. Automatic backups store weekly archived copies of all your collections, while manual backups allow you to instantly save your collections. You can restore backups to undo collection changes made after the backup date. In this article, learn about:
How backups work Manually backing up your collections Restoring a backup  Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)How backups workWhenever you edit a collection, an automatic backup stores an archived copy of all your collections on a weekly basis. You can also create manual backups whenever you want to instantly save a copy of all your collections. Each backup includes all your collections' content, structure fields, settings, and named views. When you restore a backup, you choose whether to restore all your collections or specific ones. Restoring a collection permanently deletes any changes made to the collection after the backup was created. This includes site visitor submissions saved after the backup date. Manually backing up your collectionsCreate manual backups when you want to instantly create archived copies of all your collections. You can create up to 3 manual backups. If you already have 3 manual backups, you can still create another one that will override your oldest manual backup. To create a manual backup:
Go to CMS in your site's dashboard. Click More Actions at the top.  Click Backups. Click + Add Backup.  (If necessary) Click Add Backup again if you already have 3 manual backups. This replaces your oldest manual backup. Restoring a BackupYou can restore both automatic and manual backups of all your collections. When restoring a backup, you can choose to restore all your collections saved in the backup or only specific collections. All the fields, content, structure, and settings of the selected collections are restored. Restoring a backup saves over any changes made to the selected collections that occurred after the backup date. If you created new collections after a backup date, and you restore the backup, those new collections do not get removed. Wix App collections are not affected by backups as they get their content from the relevant app (e.g. Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Events). To restore a backup:
Go to CMS in your site's dashboard. Click More Actions at the top.  Click Backups. Click Restore next to the backup you want to restore.  Click the checkbox next to each collection you want to restore.  Click Restore [#] Collections.  Click Yes, I am sure to confirm you want to permanently override changes made after the backup creation date.  Click Restore. FAQsClick below for answers to our most frequently asked questions about backups. How many backups can I save?You can save up to 3 manual backups at a time. When you have 3 manual backups saved, and you save another, a message lets you know that you are saving over your oldest manual backup.Your collections get automatic backups saved every week unless you haven't made any changes to your collections. After 3 automatic backups are created, the next one saves over the oldest automatic backup. 
You can also delete both manual and automatic backups if you don't need them. What happens when I import a CSV file to my collection?When you import a CSV file into a collection, a manual backup is created to capture the state of your collections prior to the import. This allows you to restore the collection to the way it was before the import. What if I create a collection, then restore a backup created before the collection?When restoring a backup, any collections you created after the backup date are saved. This means you do not lose any collections you created after the backup you are restoring. How do GDPR and other laws affect my data?Restoring a backup does not affect the Personally Identifiable Information (PII) status of a field. If necessary, you can change PII manually in your collections.Wix deletes and restores collections in compliance with GDPR regulations.What happens if I restore a saved version from my site history?Restoring your site from site history reverts its pages and their designs to a previous version. This applies to your dynamic pages and their layouts. However, the content and data structure (schema) in your CMS collections are not reverted when restoring your site. To restore previous versions of your collections, use CMS backups. 