Email Marketing: Creating a Campaign from Start to Finish
Creating a professional email marketing campaign is easy with Wix. Choose a template or start from scratch and customize your campaign. Preview and test your campaign if you'd like, choose who to send it to, then publish and send. Your campaign is then reviewed for compliance and sent to your subscribers. Step 1 | Choose a template or start from scratchGet started with your email marketing campaign by choosing from a wide range of templates or start with a blank canvas. To get started:
Go to Email Marketing in your site's dashboard.  Choose what you want to do: 
    
Use a template: Select the template you want to use.  Start from scratch: Click Start Email from Scratch or click More Templates, then click Start from Scratch.  Step 2 | Customize your email campaignUse your email campaign editor to design a visually appealing and engaging newsletter that will stand out in your subscribers' inboxes. Add elements from the panel on the left and select elements in your campaign to edit them. You can also choose a theme for the color and text, customize the background and more. Tip:There’s no character limit for email campaigns, but too much text can lead to spam complaints. Stick to 1-3 short paragraphs for better results.Choose what you want to do:Add elements
Click Add  on the left.  Select the element you want to add.  Customize the element to your liking. Manage elementsClick the element you want to edit on your campaign and choose what you want to do: 
Edit: Use the panel on the left to modify the element.  Move up / down: Click the relevant arrow on the right to move the element up or down.  Crop and resize: (Images only) Click the Crop icon  on the right to go to the Photo Studio and crop, edit or resize your image using the available tools. Duplicate: Click the Duplicate icon  to create a copy of the element.  Delete: Click the Delete icon  and select Confirm Delete to permanently remove the element. Change the theme
Click Themes  on the left. Click the theme of your choice to select it. Customize the background
Click Background  on the left.  Choose what you want to edit: 
    
Outer background: Choose whether to show background colors or patterns and images in the outer background: 
        
Background colors: Select the relevant color or click the Pick Color icon  to choose a custom color.  Patterns and images: Select the relevant pattern / image or click the Add icon  to choose another pattern or image. Then click the Settings icon  to choose the color behind the image or to have the image repeat itself across the background. 
Note: The recommended image size for outer backgrounds is 1920 x 1090 pixels. We recommend using background images for decorative purposes only, as the entire image may not be visible when viewing in an email client.    Inner background: Customize the background of the middle portion of your email campaign, which is 700 pixels wide. Click Customize Inner Background at the bottom and customize the background color, border width and border color.   Change the text direction If you're writing in a right to left language, you can display your campaign in the same direction. 
Click Right to left at the bottom left.  Click the toggle to display from right to left. (Optional) Step 3 | Preview and send a test emailWe recommend previewing what your emails will look like before your send them. You can check their appearance, both on desktop and mobile, and go back to make adjustments if necessary. Send yourself a test email to see for yourself how the campaign will look and function. Note:Previewing and testing your email campaign does not reduce your campaign quota. To preview and test your campaign:
Click Preview & Test at the top right. Choose what you want to do: 
    
Click the Mobile icon  to see how your email campaign looks on mobile devices. Click the Desktop icon  to see how your email campaign looks on a desktop computer.  Click Back to Editing to return to the email campaign editor.   Send a test email: 
    
Click Sent Test Email at the top.  Enter the email address that the test email should be sent to (your own). (Optional) Edit the Reply-to Email, From Name and Subject fields. Click Send. Click Done.   Click Back to Editing at the top right to return to the campaign editor. Learn more about previewing and testing your campaigns before they’re sent.Step 4 | Choose who to send your campaign toNext, add the recipients you want to send your emails to. You can select contacts individually or choose labels and segments that add groups of contacts at once. If you have a list of subscribers you need to add that are not yet in your contacts, you can import them from Google or a CSV file. Important: 
Make sure to follow the Wix Email Marketing best practices when choosing your recipients. Each recipient only sees their own email address, your mailing list is kept private.To add recipients:
From your campaign editor, click Next at the top right.  (Optional) Import contacts from a CSV file or your Gmail account:
    
Click Import Contacts at the bottom right. Click Import Contacts in the popup to confirm.  Choose between CSV file or Gmail account and follow the steps on-screen. When ready, click Back to email marketing at the top.   Select who you want to send this email to:
    
Target group: Select specific groups of contacts to receive your campaign. You can include all subscribers, specific segments or labels, or select individual contacts. All Contacts: All contacts on your list will receive your campaign.   Click Next at the top right.
Click Next at the top right.Note: You can click the Filter out inactive contacts toggle to enable it and remove inactive contacts from your list. We do not recommend sending campaigns to inactive contacts as this can increase your bounce rate, cause emails to be marked as spam, and decrease your email deliverability.  Step 5 | Publish and send your campaignCreate a subject line and enter the name your emails will show as sent from. Then decide whether to send your campaign as soon as possible or schedule it to be automatically sent at a future date. After scheduling or sending your campaign, it goes into a queue. Your campaign is then reviewed to ensure it complies with the Email Marketing terms of use. Then your emails get sent and you can share your campaign on social media or with a direct link to it. To publish and send your campaign:
From the Overview page, edit the final sending details:
    
Subject line: Enter the subject line of the emails. You can add content that automatically adjusts to your contacts' details or your site's URL by clicking + Personalize and choosing an option.  Sender details: Enter the name the emails will show as sent from. This may be your business or personal name. Email recipients: Enter the email address that recipients can reply to when they receive the emails. If you have not yet confirmed your email address, click Confirm Now.    Choose when you want to send your campaign:Schedule your campaign to be sent later
Click Schedule. Select the date and time in which you want to the campaign to be sent.
Tip: Check the time zone to make sure your campaign is sent at the right time. If the time zone is incorrect, change it in your browser's settings. Click Schedule.  Tip: You can edit or reschedule your campaign before it is sent. Send your campaign as soon as possible
Click Send Now. 
Tip: Your campaign gets added to the send queue, where it will be reviewed and sent soon. (Optional) Choose an option to share your campaign: Share on Social or Copy link.
Tip: Learn more about the URL of your published campaigns. Click Done.Next: Learn how to analyze the results in your email campaign statistics. 