Wix Editor: Publishing Your Site
Publishing your site that you created with the Wix Editor website builder is the final step in making it live. It's the moment where all your hard work in designing, creating, and refining your site pays off. Once you publish, your site is available on the internet for everyone to see. Don't have a site yet?Wix offers a variety of templates and design tools to help you create a professional-looking website in no time. Go to Wix.com and click Get Started to sign up and start creating.Learn more about:
Publishing your site Viewing your live site Frequently asked questions (FAQs)Publishing your siteYou can publish your site at any time from the top toolbar of the editor. Even after publishing, you can edit your site as much as you want. Whenever you make a change, simply publish again to make sure the changes go live.To publish your site:
Click Publish at the top right of the editor. (Optional) Click View Site to see your live site. Click Done to return to the editor.Note:Clicking Save won't make your changes live. After saving, make sure to click Publish to show the updates on your live site.Viewing your live siteAfter publishing your site, it automatically appears online and can be seen by anyone entering your free site URL (siteprefix.wixsite.com/site-name) or domain name.You can also access your live site from the editor. Click Site on the top bar of the editor and click View Site.If you want to show your site to your friends, you can email them your site URL or domain name, or share it on social media.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about publishing your site.Can I preview site my site before I publish it?Sure, you can preview your site anytime, before or after you publish. Click Preview at the top right of the editor to see how your site looks before publishing. I want to publish my site to see it online, but I don't want it to be public yet. How do I do this?If you're not ready to go public, you can publish your site but temporarily prevent search engines from indexing it. This way, you can share your site with friends and family without it appearing on Google. Why did I receive an error message when trying to publish?There are a few common reasons why you may receive error when trying to publish your site. Most are related to connectivity, or sign in issues. Learn more about these issues.How do I go back to a previous version after I have published my site? You can view and restore an older version of your site at any time. Learn more about your site history.I published my site accidentally, can I unpublish it?Yes, you can unpublish your site permanently or temporarily at any time. I published my site, why can't I find it on Google?New sites, pages, and updates may take some time to appear on search engine results, as they need to be crawled and indexed by Google. To check if search engines like Google and Bing have indexed your site, enter "site:" followed by the URL of your domain. For example, "site:mystunningwebsite.com/". Click here to learn moreTip: Optimize your site's SEO to get it found on search engines. Optimizing SEO may also improve your site's ranking on search result pages. Why doesn't my newly published site appear when I browse to my domain?Your site comes with a free Wix URL in the format siteprefix.wixsite.com/siteaddress. If you connected your site to your own domain, it may take up to 48 hours for your site to appear when accessing to your domain on the Internet. Click here to learn more about your domain propagationI want to add a new page, but I don't want people to be able to see it yet. How can I do that?No problem. There are 2 ways you can prevent visitors from seeing a new page:
Hide the page from your site menu. Prevent search engines from indexing the page, so it doesn't show up in search results. This way, no one will be able to find the page unless you give them a direct link.Can I delete my site and start again?Yes, you can start again with a new site template at any time. If you upgraded your site, you'll need to reassign your plan to the new site before you delete it. Learn how to delete your site.
Note: You don't have to delete your site to start over from scratch, you can keep it in your account as a free Wix site, transfer it to a different account or unpublish it.Video tutorial
What's next?Make sure your site looks great on every screen size. Head over to the mobile editor to customize the mobile view. Click here to check it out