Adding Policies, Terms & Conditions to Your Site's Footer
Important:These settings are relevant for site owners using Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Restaurants Orders (New) orders, and Wix Donations.Communication with your customers is an important way to build trust and that includes displaying your business' policies on your site.Policies can be displayed in a number of different ways and in different places on your site. Choose the policy options that work for your business.In this article, learn more about:
Displaying policies on the checkout page Display policies in your site's footer Additional policy types (Wix Bookings & Wix Restaurants)Displaying policies on the checkout pageThe Checkout Page is where customers complete their orders. You have the option to add policies as clickable links in the footer of the Checkout Page.Additionally, you have the option of displaying these policies alongside an agreement checkbox, which customers must agree to, so they can finalize their checkout process.To display policies in the Checkout Page footer:
Go to Checkout settings in your site's dashboard. Click Policies. Select the checkbox next to any policies you want to display.
Enter the policy text.
Tip: For the custom policy, enter a policy name as well.  (Optional) Making it mandatory to agree to these policies to complete checkout:
    
Click the Policy agreement checkbox toggle to enable it. (Optional) Select the Checked by default checkbox if you want the agreement checked by default.  Displaying policies in your site's footerIn addition (or instead of ) displaying policies in the footer of the Checkout Page, you can display policies in the footer of regular site pages. To do so, you'll create a hidden page for each policy and link to those pages in the footer.Wix EditorStudio Editor
For each policy you want to display, add a new page to your site. Add the relevant information to each page you created.  Hide the policy page from your site menu.  Hide the policy pages from search engines. Add text with each policy name to your footer and link to the relevant page.
For each policy you want to display, add a new page to your site. Add the relevant information to each page you created.  Hide the policy page from your site menu.  Hide the policy pages from search engines.  Add text with each policy name to your footer and link to the relevant page.Adding additional policiesIf you're using Wix Bookings or Wix Restaurants Orders (New), there are policies you can create that are specific to these business solutions. Learn more about:
Wix Bookings policies Wix Restaurants Orders (New) policies