Wix Editor: Getting Started with the Wix Editor
The Wix Editor is the platform you use to build and edit your website. It is packed full of features to help you create a unique, sophisticated site. The website builder allows you to customize and build your site in a variety of ways, such as adding and customizing elements, and choosing a color and text theme.Opening the Wix EditorAccess the Editor to get started and begin creating a site that's perfect for you and your needs. To open the Editor:
Go to your site's dashboard. Click Edit Site next to your site's name.Adding and customizing elementsThe Wix Editor contains hundreds of stunning, customizable elements that you can use to create your site. Choose from images, text, shapes, strips and more to create your site. Click Add Elements  on the left side of the Editor to start adding elements.Once you've added elements, you can customize them to suit your site's look and feel.Select an element and click the Settings , Design , Layout   or Animate  icons to customize it. Depending on the element selected, you will see different customization options. Customizing your site's designUse the Site Design panel to adjust your site's look, theme, and behavior - all from one place. Learn more about the site design panelTo get started, click Site Design  on the left side of the Editor, and customize it with the following options:
Site theme: Select and edit the colors and text styles used across your site. Page background: Select a background for your site's page. You can choose from a color, image, or video. Page transitions: Choose how your pages transition when visitors navigate between them.Save, preview and publish your siteYou can find the Save, Preview and Publish buttons at the top right of the Editor.Save: Click Save regularly so you don't lose any of your work. Keep in mind, saved changes won’t appear on your site until you click Publish.Preview: Click Preview to view how your site looks live.Publish: Click Publish in the top right corner when you're ready for your site to go live.FAQsCan the Editor automatically build my site for me?We have a range of site templates with pre-added elements available to make building your site as easily as possible. However, you need to manually edit these elements and templates for your business or brand. Can a designer help me build or update my site?Absolutely. You can hire a professional to help you on every step of your journey with your Wix site - from editing to boosting your site's SEO. Learn more about the Wix MarketplaceCan I use the Editor offline?The Editor needs to be constantly connected to Wix's servers. Therefore it is not possible to edit your site while offline, or save pages from your site to your computer. Can I edit my site on different computers?You can edit your site on any computer with an Internet connection and an updated browser. When you finish editing your site on one computer, make sure to click Save. After saving, you can open the Editor on another computer, and you will see the changes that have been made.

Note: Avoid editing your site on more than one computer at a time. When you have finished editing your site on one computer, make sure to log out of your account before logging in on another computer. This will help avoid saving issues where changes made on one of the devices overrides the changes made on the other device 
Tip: If you're having issues accessing the Editor from a public computer, click here.Can I edit my site after I've published it?You can edit your site at any time from the Wix Editor. Simply open the Editor from your site's dashboard, and update it as much as you want. Learn how to open the EditorCan I create a mobile site?You can design how your site looks on mobile devices using the mobile Editor. Hide pages and elements, and add mobile-only elements to create a unique experience for your mobile visitors. Learn more about the mobile EditorCan I print pages from my site?Absolutely. To print site pages, press Ctrl+P on your keyboard. You can also take a screenshot of the relevant page and print it. Video tutorial
