Wix Analytics: About Your Wix Stores Reports
Wix Analytics creates reports for just about everything you want to know about your online store. Keep track of product inventory and plan ahead as well as see what your highest selling products are, including the product variant (e.g. size and color). With multiple types of abandoned cart reports, you can also see which products customers are adding to their cart but not ultimately purchasing. Wix Stores reports can help you make strategic decisions about what products to invest time and marketing into. You can also easily export any report and share it with a wider team.How do I access my Wix Stores reports?
Go to Reports in your site's dashboard. View the reports in the Stores section.In this article, learn more about:
The types of Wix Stores reports Frequently asked questions (FAQs)Types of Wix Stores reportsClick a report type below to learn more about it.Sales by Product VariantSales by Product Variant shows you which of your product variants are the selling the most. Product variants include any unique combination of product options (e.g. size and color). You can filter this report by 'all' products or by a specific variant.Inventory SnapshotInventory Snapshot gives you a quick overview of the current stock of your products as well as each product's total value. The time period for your inventory snapshot is set to the current day by default. Store Conversion FunnelUse this report to analyze visitor behavior on your site, from viewing a product, all the way to completing a purchase. Use this report to:
See how many of your site visits turn into a purchase.  Find out where visitors drop off from the purchasing process.Store Conversion Funnel Over TimeYour Store Conversion Funnel over Time report shows trends in your store's conversion funnel. The combo chart displays a conversion measure, such as product views or added to cart, and a rate, such as checkout completion.You can use this report to:
See how each step of the funnel converts over time. Find out how changes you make affect your store conversion rates.Conversion by ProductYour Conversion by Product report shows how each of your products converts, so you can track their performance.Use this report to:
Find out which products convert better than others. Identify the products that could perform better, so you can optimize them accordingly.Most Abandoned ProductsThe Most Abandoned Products report shows you the products that your visitors placed in a cart, but didn’t end up buying.You can use the information in this report to:
See which products are abandoned the most. Try to understand what causes product abandonment, and optimize your products accordingly.Abandoned Carts FunnelYour Abandoned Carts Funnel report shows how many of your visitors carts were abandoned, and how many were eventually recovered (visitors returned to complete their purchase). Use the Abandoned Carts Funnel report to:
Find the total value of abandoned carts. Learn how many abandoned carts were recovered. Optimize your cart abandonment funnel.Abandoned Carts Funnel Over TimeUse your Abandoned Carts Funnel over Time report to find out how many carts were abandoned and recovered over time.You can use the information in this report to:
Track changes in your store’s cart abandonment and recovery rates. Find out how changes you make affect these rates.Abandoned Carts SummaryThe Abandoned Carts Summary allows you to study your abandoned and recovered carts in detail. You can filter the report by parameters, such as customer type, shipping and billing data, product gross value, and more. The report can also be downloaded for further analysis. You can use the information in this report to:
Understand which customers are abandoning carts the most. See how various parameters affect cart abandonment. Sales by Shipping MethodIn the Sales by Shipping Method report, you can find out which shipping methods your customers prefer. Use this information to invest more in the method that works best for your business and customers. You can use the 'Compare to' filter to see how preferred shipping methods change over time.Inventory PlanningUse the Inventory Planning report to manage stock availability. This report can help you see when your items are predicted to run out so you can plan your future inventory accordingly.Low InventoryIn the Low Inventory report, see which items are expected to run out of stock in the next 14 days. You can also click the filter under Select a time period to change the report to another time preset other than 14 days.Slow-moving InventoryIn the Slow-moving Inventory report, find out which items are taking a long time to sell. The report shows the turnover rate of an item (items sold in a chosen time period divided by the current inventory). The higher the turnover rate, the faster items are being sold.Inventory Over TimeThe Inventory over Time report helps you track changes in inventory over a certain time period as well as how the total value of your inventory changes. Click the Select a measure drop-down to choose total value or inventory for the report.Sales by Product CategorySales by product category provides you with a breakdown of your store's sales based on different categories of products. A category is a group of products, like Cameras, Kids clothing or New arrivals. Products can appear in more than one category.For example, you can filter sales by your 'New arrivals' category to see how the most recent products you've launched are selling online.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about your Wix Stores reports.How do I switch views within a report?Click the relevant tab at the top of the report to access different chart types. The type of chart available (bar chart, line chart, table, etc.) differs depending on the report. When is an abandoned cart considered 'recoverable' in the Abandoned Carts reports?An abandoned cart is considered recoverable when the visitor is logged in and their email address is known. You can set up an automated email that is triggered when a cart is abandoned, encouraging visitors to return and complete the purchase. What is the difference between my sales and stores reports?Sales reports refer to all purchases made throughout your site. This includes all bookings, services, coaching, consultations and more. Wix Stores reports focus on purchases and transactions made if you have an online store.