Wix Editor: Saving, Previewing and Publishing Your Site
Manage your site from within the Editor to keep it updated, and to keep any new changes that you've made. You can save, preview, and publish your site from the Editor at any time. In this article, learn how to:
Save your site Preview your site Publish your site Frequently asked questions (FAQs)Saving your siteYour site is automatically saved regularly as you are working in the Editor. It starts after the first manual save on your site.   Even with autosave, we still recommend that you save your site regularly as you are building it, to avoid losing any changes. To save your site:
Click Save at the top right of the Editor. Click Done in the pop-up window.Previewing your siteYou can preview your site without publishing it to see what it looks like to visitors. This is a great way to test how new changes and updates look before publishing them. To preview your site:
Click Preview at the top right of the Editor. Browse your site preview. Click Back to Editor to go back to the Editor.Note: Viewing your site Preview will trigger an automatic autosave, regardless of whether autosave has been disabled.Publishing your siteYou need to publish your site for the changes to be made live on the Internet. You can publish new changes to your site at any time by clicking Publish at the top right of the Editor. Learn more about publishing your siteFAQsClick a question below to learn more about saving, previewing and publishing.How do I turn autosave off?You can turn Autosave on or off in your Editor by pressing Ctrl + Alt + A on your keyboard (Command ⌘ + Option + A on Mac).Note: Adding apps to your site triggers an automatic autosave, regardless of whether autosave has been disabled.Can I leave the Editor without saving?Your site is automatically saved regularly. However, if you make changes in the Wix Editor and decide that you do not want to save them, you can exit the Editor without saving by closing the browser window or navigating away from the Wix Editor. Your browser will display a pop-up message warning you that unsaved changes will be lost. Click Leave Page to confirm. If the changes saved, you can always go back to a previous version using your site history.How do I hide a page from my site if it's not ready for my visitors to see?If you are still working on a certain page, you can hide it from your site menu until you're ready for visitors to see it. Learn more about hiding pages from menusCan I go back to a previous saved or published version of my site?You can restore and republish an older version of your site at any time. Learn how to view and restore previous versions of your site