Recovering Your Wix Account
You can recover your Wix account if you've lost access to it. Follow the steps below if you can't access the email address that you use to sign in, or you can't sign into your Wix account for some other reason. Don't know your login email address?You can find your login email address on the Wix Log In page. Note:If you use an SSO Login, contact your IT administrator to recover your account.Recovering your account using your Recovery Phone NumberIf you've previously added a Recovery Phone Number to your Wix account, you can get a one-time SMS code sent to your mobile phone to recover your Wix account.To recover your account:
Go to the Wix Log In page. Click Forgot Email?.
Select Can't access my login email. Click Next. Enter the email address associated with your Wix account.  Click Next. Select Send me a code to my phone number ending with XXXX and click Next. Enter the one-time verification code sent to your phone under Enter code here. Click Verify. Enter a new password and retype it. Click Save New Password.Tip:After you recover your account, you should change the email address of your account to one that you are able to access.Recovering your account without a Recovery Phone NumberThe privacy of our users is one of our top priorities. If you can't access the email account associated with your Wix account, and do not have a Recovery Phone Number enabled for your account, you'll need to fill out the Wix Account Recovery form. Wix can then check that you're the genuine owner of the account and recover it for you.If you want to verify the ownership of a site or a domain that is located in a Wix account and managed by someone else, you should also fill out the Wix Account Recovery form. Make sure to fill out the entire form (even if you're not completely sure of the answers), and add a detailed explanation of your case, so we can properly verify the site or domain. Don't forget to provide us with a valid contact email so we can respond to you.After you submit the form, our team will analyze and review your request.Important:
Fill out the form with as much information as you can. If you don't know something, you can leave it blank. Wix will contact you if we need more information. If you submit a request with an inactive or invalid email address, it won't be delivered to our Customer Care team. Make sure that you enter a valid email address that you have access to. We reserve the right to determine and/or grant ownership to an account or site based on our reasonable judgment. We also reserve the right to deny granting access to a user who lost the account credentials, in our sole discretion, without liability to any party.To submit an account recovery form:
Go to the Wix Account Recovery form. Select whether your site is a Premium site or a Free site. Follow the steps below depending on the type of site you have.Premium site
Click Next. Enter the details of the payment method that you used to pay for your site upgrade. Click Next to confirm your site's URL. Upload a document to prove that you own this domain. Upload a copy of your driver’s license or passport from your computer. Click Next. Enter details of the issue you're having that's stopping you from accessing your site. Click Agree & Submit.Free site
Click Next. Enter your details and the URL of your website. Click Next. Upload a copy of your driver’s license or passport from your computer. Click Next.  Enter the email address that you used to sign up for the account. Enter the date that you created the site and the date of the last time you edited it. (Optional) Add the email address in which messages from any contact form on your site are sent. Enter details of the issue you're having that's stopping you from accessing your site. Click Agree & Submit.