About Marketing Integrations
With Wix Marketing Integrations, you can connect your favorite marketing tools and use them with your Wix site.  Connect your site to tools like Google Analytics, Google Ads, and Meta Pixel to start measuring your online campaigns, collecting valuable information about your visitors' behavior, and gaining actionable insights for improving your site.Important:By using this service, you are engaging directly with a third-party service provider. We recommend reviewing the service provider's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use prior to your use of such third-party service. You acknowledge that we are not liable for any loss or damage resulting from your use of such third-party service, including any liability arising from any personal data exchanged between you and such third-party.Before you begin:To use Marketing Integrations, you need to upgrade your site and connect a domain.In this article, learn more about:
Wix Marketing Integrations options Adding Marketing Integrations to your siteWix Marketing Integrations options Connect to a suite of pre-built tools designed to enhance your marketing effectiveness by gathering statistics, creating remarketing flows, and uploading your products and services to leading ecommerce platforms.You can choose from the following integrations to connect to your site:IntegrationWhat you can use it forWhy with Wix?Google AnalyticsDiscover where your visitors come from and what they do on your site. Track the number of visitors to a page, where, how long they stay, and what keywords they use to find your site. Generate reports on site visitors, site traffic, marketing campaign statistics, and more. Wix provides a set of ready-to-use business events to streamline the process. No further configuration is needed and all the required reports are available straight away.Meta Pixel & CAPITrack your Facebook campaigns, see conversion rates, and more. 
Meta Conversions API (CAPI) is a technology offered by Meta that complements the functionality of the Meta Pixel. This allows businesses to send directly measured web events from Wix servers to Meta's server. Wix offers Meta Pixel & CAPI as a native solution, without the need of installing additional apps or plugins, enhancing data accuracy with server to server connection. This also bypasses the risks of using browser-based tracking only, like losing events due to pop-up banners and blockers.Once connected, all events are sent automatically through the server and browser without any additional setup or cost.Google Tag ManagerUse Google Tag Manager to implement a tag management system.Keep your tags and third party code snippets updated and organized in one convenient location.Please note: Avoid installing Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager together, as it may lead to duplicity.Wix provides a set of business events compatible with the Google Analytics format, easily customizable to other analytics and marketing platforms. We offer a ready-to-use JSON file with pre-configured variables and triggers. This is easily importable in your Google Tag Manager container.Google AdsRun targeted remarketing ad campaigns and get useful insights with conversion tracking.Show targeted ads to customers who have already visited your site and measure the conversion actions that users take after they click or view your Google ads.Wix integrates Google Ads directly into the platform, meaning you can set up and manage your ad campaigns directly from your Wix dashboard.This means you can optimize your view and easily track how your Google Ads campaigns are performing.Google Ads ConversionsAccurately measure events when a site visitor successfully completes a business funnel by purchasing a product, booking a service, or submitting a lead form.Connect Google Ads Conversions if you are running Google Ads to enhance the precision of remarketing efforts.TikTok PixelUse Wix's TikTok Pixel integration to add a pixel to your site and gain insights into your audience. Track conversions to your site for your Tiktok ad campaigns and get data that you can use to optimize your ads and improve your retargeting. Tracking also improves remarketing and automatically optimizes cost per click.Wix provides a set of ready-to-use business events to streamline the process. No further configuration is needed to properly report conversions.Facebook CatalogPromote your store products on Facebook through different sales channels.Automatically update your Facebook Catalog with important information about your products such as the name, description, and price.Wix creates the Facebook Catalog data file for you. If you have a store that contains products, the file is generated automatically by Wix.The file is structured in accordance with Facebook requirements. It is ready to be uploaded and synced with Facebook in the periodical bases, so your Facebook or Instagram store will always have updated information about your product prices and availability.Google Merchant CenterAdd products from your Wix Stores to your Google Merchant Center catalog.Promote your store products on Google and schedule regular updates so that your catalog is up to date with any changes that you make.Wix creates the Google Merchant Center feed for you, so you don't need to manually update your data. The feed helps you showcase your products in Google Shopping listings, Google Search, Google Images, and the Google Shopping tab. You can also create Google Ads for products.Your Google Merchant Center feed will always have updated information about your products prices and availability, providing a visually rich experience for users searching for products.Yandex MetricaMeasure and analyze the behavior of your site's visitors. Get detailed traffic data about your desktop and mobile visitors in real time and identify the channels that drive your audience to your site. Access and analyze website data with ease, track conversions, and optimize your sites for better performance, all within the familiar environment of the Wix dashboard. This integration streamlines the process of gathering insights and implementing improvements, enhancing the effectiveness of your sites.Ads.txtAdd your own Authorized Digital Sellers (ads.txt) file and control who’s allowed to advertise on your site.Using ads.txt with Wix allows you to ensure your ad inventory is properly protected and monetized. This integration simplifies the process and helps you maintain trustworthy ad campaigns across your site.Learn more about event tracking by service:View a list of pre-defined events included when you install a specific marketing integration.Adding Marketing Integrations to your siteYou can add integrations to your site from the Marketing Integrations section of your site's dashboard. To add an integration:
Go to Marketing Integrations in your site's dashboard. Find the integration that you want to add. Click Connect. Follow the instructions to complete set up.Can't find the app you're looking for?If there are apps you'd like to add which aren't displayed in Marketing Integrations, there are alternative ways to add them. Learn more