Wix Analytics: About Your Sales Reports
Your sales reports by Wix Analytics help you to analyze all the payments that go through your site. All your sales data is translated into customizable reports to help you better understand what and how people are purchasing. You can view reports for sales by specific item, billing location, sales over time and more. You can use your sales reports to plan your business strategy, make educated predictions about sales trends, and to get a better understanding of how your visitors are making purchases on your site.In this article, learn more about:
The types of sales reports Frequently asked questions (FAQs)How to access your sales reports:Go to All Reports in your site's dashboard and view the reports in the Sales section. You can also check out the Sales Overview to get a deeper understanding of your customers' spending trends.Types of sales reportsWix Analytics creates sales reports for just about everything you want to know. See a breakdown of your revenue based on sales by coupon, order type, billing location, or shipping method. You can also view reports that track sales over a specific time period.Click a report type below to learn more about it.Sales over timeSales over time allows you to compare your sales trends over different time periods. You can also select a measure to view over time including order quantity, refunds, gross sales and more.Use this report to:
Monitor your sales, orders, refunds and other key performance indicators. See how your sales are performing now compared to previous time periods. Understand trends over time in sales distribution.Sales by itemSales by item gives you a breakdown of the specific items and services you've sold.Use this report to: 
View your sales data by orders, items, and customers and compare the info over time to identify trends. Monitor total orders and item quantity over time.Item sales over timeItem sales over time allows you to view a specific item's sales over the course of set time periods. Use this report to:
See gross sales trends filtered by individual item. See the sales trend of a group of items. Compare the performance of item sales over different time periods.Sales by couponThe sales by coupon report shows you how many times your coupons have been used and how coupons are affecting sales.Use this report to:
Find out who is using your coupons and filter by new or returning customers. See where coupon users are located geographically.Tip: Use coupon trends to determine if a promotion should be repeated or stop promotions that aren't delivering results.Sales by billing locationThe sales by billing location report shows you where your customers are located.Use this report to:
Filter sales by city, region, or country Discover how a specific location is performing and if your actions have impacted your sales volumes.Tip: Target locations with high sales volumes with email campaigns or paid ads. You can also offer promotions in locations where sales volumes are low.Sales by order typeSales by order type shows you how you generate revenue with any installed Wix apps.Use this report to:
Find out which Wix apps (Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Events) are generating the most revenue on your site. Filter by total order, items sold, refunds and more per Wix app.Average order value over timeAverage order value over time displays your average value of orders for any day, week, or month.Use this report to:
Find out how much your customers spend on average on your site. Monitor changes in average order value (e.g. when offering discounts). Learn the value of your users and tailor marketing campaigns for positive Return On Investment (ROI).Sales by shipping methodSales by shipping method shows you which shipping methods are most popular with your customers who purchase through Wix Stores.Use this report to:
Learn which shipping methods have the most orders. Calculate shipping costs vs. how much you charge for shipping. Find out how much the cost of shipping impacts the shipping methods chosen by your customers.Sales by product variantThe sales by product variant report shows which variants of your items are your best sellers. A variant is an item with unique product options, such as color and size.Use this report to:
See which product variants are selling the most. Discover which product variants are not selling as well as others.Tip: Run an email marketing or paid ad campaign to promote a product that isn't selling as well or promote some products with seasonal campaigns.Clients with overdue paymentsThe clients with overdue payments report is useful for business owners who receive payments before or after providing services, such as training sessions or dance classes.Use this report to:
See which clients owe you money. Find out which payments are overdue.Want to customize your report?You can customize the data you're viewing and the way it's displayed. You can also save the views you want to return to later. Learn more about customizing your report.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about your Wix Analytics sales reports.What is the difference between my sales and stores reports?Sales reports refer to all purchases made throughout your site. This includes all bookings, services, coaching, consultations and more. Wix Stores reports focus on purchases and transactions made if you have an online store.Where can I learn about the terminology used in these reports?Sales reports include a glossary that defines the terms used. To view these definitions, select a report and click Show report definitions under the report name.Learn more about the Wix Analytics glossary.How do I save my favorite reports so that I can access them quickly?On the All Reports page, click the Add to Saved reports icon  next to a specific report to add it to your saved reports. Your saved reports appear at the top of the page.How do I change the type of graph in the report?On the All Reports page, hover over a report to see the different views available. The offered graphs vary according to the type of report (e.g. tables, line charts, maps).You could also switch between report views within a report by clicking the options at the top.Why can't I see data for redeemed coupons in the Sales by Coupon report?If you do not see coupon sales in the Sales by Coupon report, it could be for two reasons:
Coupon sales data is currently only available for these Wix apps: Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Pricing Plans, Wix Events, and the Wix Ecommerce platform. Data is not available for apps such as Wix Restaurants, Online Programs, Invoices, or other business apps. If one of your coupons grants a 100% discount for a Wix Bookings order, then the transaction equals 0. Therefore, this coupon usage will not be counted or displayed in the Sales by Coupon report.
Note: These reasons are also why you may see coupon data listed as 'Unknown' in the Sales over Time report.Why are some store orders showing “Unknown” under the billing location?If a store order was made with POS (Point of Sale), it won't show the location information. In general, it is currently not possible to get location information for orders with POS transactions.The only case in which location data can appear in your report is when the location information is populated from the checkout page in Wix Stores. 