Wix Payments Verification Process
Important:Wix Payments is not yet available to all users.You can start accepting payments on your site using Wix Payments almost immediately. However,  we need to verify your identity before your account can be fully activated. To verify your identity:
For an individual account: You must complete your Wix Payments account setup within the same country as your bank is located.  For a business account: The country where your company is registered must match the country where your company's bank is located. This must be the same country in which you complete your Wix Payments account setup. For a sole proprietor (United Kingdom): The country where your company is registered must match the country where your company's bank is located. This must be the same country in which you complete your Wix Payments account setup. For a sole proprietor (Italy): The country where your company is registered must match the country where your company's bank is located. This must be the same country in which you complete your Wix Payments account setup.Verification processThe verification process requires you to submit your details for account setup. We review your information and your site's content to ensure that your business complies with our list of prohibited products and services.  During this process, we request further information, such as a copy of a valid government issued photo ID and a copy of your bank statement. These need to be uploaded to your Wix Payments Dashboard to verify your identity. This may take up to 7 business days. If you do not complete your account setup within 30 days, we will be required to suspend your Wix Payments account. Additionally, if you do not complete the setup within 60 days, any payment processed through Wix Payments will be refunded to your customers.For more information, see the Wix Payments, Adyen, Stripe United States and Stripe Canada Terms and Conditions for the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Lithuania, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States. Verification checklistIn addition to meeting the requirements below, the verification process begins once you've accepted the first successful payment to your Wix Payments account.To help Wix Payments verify your account details, you'll be prompted to add information (e.g. your photo ID and a bank statement. Learn more)Depending on your account type, review the relevant checklist to make sure you're providing the requested information correctly: Individual account
Make sure you've written your personal information correctly:
    
Your first / middle / last name and your date of birth must match those listed in your photo ID.  Double check that you've entered your bank account number(s) correctly.
Enter a physical address to verify your account. PO Boxes are not accepted as a valid address.  Upload an address verification document, such as a utility bill, to confirm your address. The document must have been issued within the last 6 months.   Add your Business Description:
    
Enter your Doing Business As name (The operating name of your business) Use the dropdown menu to select your Business Type Use the text box to add a short description of your products / services   Upload a color copy of your photo ID and a bank statement to verify your identity. Learn more.
Allow 7 business days for the account to be verified. If 7 business days have already passed and you've verified the information is correct and matches your bank account details, contact Wix Customer Care. We will be happy to investigate this issue further. Business account
Make sure you've written your personal and company information correctly. 
    
Your first / middle / last name and your date of birth, must match those listed in your photo ID.   
Double check that you've entered your bank account number(s) correctly. Your company's name and its registration number/tax ID must match the company's registered information. Your Doing Business As name should match what appears on your customers' statements. Enter a physical address to verify your account. PO Boxes are not accepted as a valid address. Upload an address verification document, such as a utility bill, to confirm your address. The document must have been issued within the last 6 months. Confirm that the Legal Business Name, Shareholder and VAT ID/Business ID/Tax ID/EIN entered in the form matches those associated with your business bank account.  Upload a document that proves the validity and ownership of the VAT ID/Business ID/Tax ID/EIN during registration. Add your Business Description:
    
Use the dropdown menu to select your Business Type Use the text box to add a short description of your products / services   Upload a color copy of your photo ID and bank statement to verify your identity. Learn more.  Allow 7 business days for the account to be verified. If 7 business days have already passed and you've verified the information is correct and matches your bank account details, contact Wix Customer Care. We will be happy to investigate this issue further. Sole proprietor account (United Kingdom)
Make sure you've written your personal and company information correctly. 
    
Your first / middle / last name and your date of birth, must match those listed in your photo ID.   
Double check that you've entered your bank account number(s) correctly.
    
If you're a sole proprietor in the UK, make sure to submit a business bank account.    Your company's name and its Unique Taxpayer Reference (UTR) number must match the company's registered information. Your Doing Business As name should match what appears on your customers' statements. Enter a physical address to verify your account. PO Boxes are not accepted as a valid address. Upload an address verification document, such as a utility bill, to confirm your address. The document must have been issued within the last 6 months. Upload a document that proves the validity and ownership of the UTR during registration. Add your Business Description:
    
Use the dropdown menu to select your Business Type Use the text box to add a short description of your products / services   Upload a color copy of your photo ID and bank statement to verify your identity. Learn more.  Allow 7 business days for the account to be verified. If 7 business days have already passed and you've verified the information is correct and matches your bank account details, contact Wix Customer Care. We will be happy to investigate this issue further. Sole proprietor account (Italy)
Make sure you've written your personal and company information correctly. 
    
Your first / middle / last name and your date of birth, must match those listed in your photo ID.   
Double check that you've entered your bank account number(s) correctly. Your company's name and its codice fiscale number must match the company's registered information. Your Doing Business As name should match what appears on your customers' statements. Enter a physical address to verify your account. PO Boxes are not accepted as a valid address. Upload an address verification document, such as a utility bill, to confirm your address. The document must have been issued within the last 6 months. Upload a document that proves the validity and ownership of the codice fiscale during registration. Add your Business Description:
    
Use the dropdown menu to select your Business Type Use the text box to add a short description of your products / services   Upload a color copy of your photo ID and bank statement to verify your identity.  Allow 7 business days for the account to be verified. If 7 business days have already passed and you've verified the information is correct and matches your bank account details, contact Wix Customer Care. We will be happy to investigate this issue further. FAQsClick a question below to learn more about Wix Payments account verification.How will Wix Payments contact me about my account verification?Wix Payments will email you using the email address used to set up your Wix account. Remember to check your spam folder if you can't locate an expected email. I'm a sole proprietor in the UK. Which account type should I choose?UK sole proprietors are required to submit a Unique Taxpayer Reference (UTR) number as well as a business bank account when setting up their Wix Payments account.
If you haven't registered for a UTR, or possess only a personal bank account, you can choose an Individual account instead. I'm a sole proprietor in Italy. Which account type should I choose?Sole proprietors in Italy are required to submit a codice fiscale number when setting up their Wix Payments account. If you haven't registered for a codice fiscale, you can choose an Individual account instead. 