Transferring Your Wix Domain Away from Wix
You can transfer a domain purchased from Wix to another domain host. When you transfer your domain away from Wix, your domain's contact information, DNS settings, and renewal payments are all managed in your new provider's account.Before you begin:We recommend keeping your domain with Wix as your host. If you transfer your domain away, your Wix site is disconnected, and Wix is no longer able to assist with managing your domain. Transferring your Wix domain away from WixTransfer your domain away from Wix to have your domain settings, billing and support managed outside of Wix.To transfer your domain:
Go to Domains in your Wix account. Click the Domain Actions icon  next to the relevant domain. Select Transfer away from Wix.
After reviewing the info about transferring your domain, click Transfer Domain.  Click I Still Want to Transfer. We’ll send a transfer authorization code (EPP code) to your domain's registrant contact email address.  Once you get the code, follow the instructions from your new domain host to transfer your domain. Tip:Once your new domain host enters the EPP code on their end to initiate the transfer, you can use whois.com to confirm it was initiated. Go to whois.com to check the status. Search for your domain, then check the Status field, which should show "pending transfer" if the transfer has been initiated. FAQsClick below for answers to common questions about transferring a domain away from Wix.What are ICANN's rules about domain transfers?ICANN oversees the domain name system. According to their transfer rules:
You cannot transfer a domain within 60 days of purchase. Changing your registrant contact information locks your domain from transfer for 60 days. Transferring your domain locks it from being able to transfer again for 60 days. How long does it take to transfer a domain?It can take up to 7 days for the domain transfer to complete.After the transfer, will I pay the same price for my domain renewal?Future domain renewals will be subject to the pricing of your new domain host.Who do I contact about the status of my domain transfer?Wix is unable to track the status of your transfer once it's been initiated. Please contact the receiving domain host for updates on your transfer. Can I transfer a Wix domain to Network Solutions?If transferring to Network Solutions, let them know you are transferring a Wix domain. They should provide you with a form to fill out.Can I transfer a .co.uk Wix domain away from Wix?Yes. Learn more about transferring a .co.uk domain away from Wix.Can I transfer an expired Wix domain?Yes, it is possible to transfer an expired Wix domain, as long as the domain is still in the Grace Period.  Will my business email work after transferring?No. You need to add the MX records again after the transfer in order for the business email to work.