Requesting a Refund for a Premium or Studio Plan
Wix offers a 14-day, money-back guarantee for new Premium or Studio site plans. If you purchased your site plan within the last 14 days, you're eligible for a full refund. Eligibility for a refundThe 14-day refund policy only applies to new Premium or Studio plans. The refund policy does not apply if:
You are requesting a refund for a plan renewal. You are requesting a refund for the upgrade of an existing plan.If you do not meet the requirements for the 14-day refund policy, but you believe you still deserve a refund, contact us and we'll review your request. Request process for a refundCancel your site plan within the first 14 days of purchasing it to receive a full refund. There's no need to submit a request, simply click the button below to choose a plan to cancel. If you're eligible, your payment method will be refunded automatically. Please allow up to 20 business days for your refund to appear on your credit card statement.After canceling, your site plan is immediately deactivated and you can no longer make use of Wix's premium features (e.g., removing Wix ads or connecting your own domain).

         Click to cancel your plan now
    


        Choose plan to cancel
      

Important:Wix is not responsible for any bank charges, commissions or overdrafts. The only way to remove these charges is through direct negotiation with your bank.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about refunds for site plans.Does the 14-day money back period apply for monthly plan subscriptions?Our Premium and Studio plans are offered on a yearly or monthly basis. Both types of plans offer a 14-day money back period.I accidentally purchased the wrong plan. Can I change it?Yes, you can change to a different plan or different subscription period. For example, you can change:
From a Monthly Core plan to Monthly Business plan From a Monthly Business plan to Yearly Business planIf you change to a cheaper plan, you will be credited the difference.Learn more about changing your plan.I purchased my plan in the last few days, what happens to the payment I made?If you cancel your plan within 72 hours of a purchase, it's possible that the transaction will be canceled before the funds have settled. If this is the case, instead of receiving a refund, the original charge(s) will drop away from your account within 20 business days.If you cancel your plan within the first 24 hours, your payment might have been voided and the charges dropped entirely. In this case, the refund does not show in your account.Is it possible to pause or delay the activation of a plan?No, your site plan (or upgrade) begins the moment that you purchase it. It is not possible to delay the activation or pause the service. 
Tip: If you are not ready for your site to be made public, you can add a Coming Soon (landing page) page and hide the rest of your site.Does the refund policy apply to domains and business emails?No, Wix domain purchases are separate from plan purchases. Domain purchases do not have a 14-day money back guarantee. If you feel that you deserve a refund, contact us and we'll review your request.Note: If you no longer wish to keep the domain you purchased, you can cancel your subscription by turning off the auto renewal process. The domain will expire on the next renewal date. I've canceled my site plan, but it is still active. Why is this? In this case, you may have canceled beyond the 14-day money back period. If you've canceled within the first 14 days, the site plan and its benefits are immediately deactivated. 
If you cancel after the initial 14-day period, the automatic renewal is turned off and the plan remains active until the expiration date. What happens to my site when the plan is canceled?Once your plan is deactivated (if canceled within the 14-day refund window) or expires (if canceled after the 14-day refund window), your site is not deleted; it simply returns to the free site version. The free site version includes up to 500MB of storage, up to 500MB bandwidth and displays Wix ads. Your site URL (e.g. www.mystunningwebsite.com) reverts to the free Wix site URL: siteprefix.wixsite.com/siteaddress