Site or Pages Not Appearing in Search Engine Results
When you publish your site, most of your pages are available for search engines like Google to crawl and index so that they can appear in search results. It can take some time for your page to appear. If you've published your site but it's not appearing in search results, the information in this article can help you get your site on Google and other search engines. However, search engines cannot guarantee that every page of your site will be indexed. It's important to note that this is perfectly normal in many cases. For example, search engines recommend not to index certain pages, such as Wix Blog archive pages. Wix automatically prevents search engines from indexing these pages. In this article, learn more about: 
Checking if your site is indexed Fixing issues that stop your site and pages getting indexed Using the Wix SEO Setup Checklist Submitting your sitemap directly to Google Optimizing your site for SEOChecking if your site is indexedTo check if your site was indexed by search engines, search "site:" followed by your site's domain with no spaces. For example: site:wix.comIf any of your domain's pages are listed in the search results, those pages have been indexed. If there are no results for your domain, your website has not been indexed yet. Check that you have allowed search engines to crawl your site. Fixing issues that stop your site and pages getting indexedIf a certain page on your site is not listed in search results, you can try the steps below to get it indexed.Make sure that the page is publishedSearch engines can only index pages that you have published. Any pages that you add after the last time you published your site won't appear in search results. This also applies to changes you make to the content of a page. If you changed your page after the last time you published, search engines won't be able to index the changes.  Make sure to publish your site when you're finished making any changes or edits to it. Note:
It can take some time for changes to your site's pages to appear in Google search results. If you want your changes to appear quicker, you can try to request indexing for the page.Make sure that you haven't accidentally deleted the pageIf you've deleted a page from your site, search engines will remove the page from search results when they recrawl your site and can't find it. Likewise, if you've deleted a product from Wix Stores, search engines will eventually remove the product's page from search results.If a page or product is missing from search results, make sure that you haven't accidentally deleted it. Tip:You can view previously saved versions of your site and restore them in the Site History section of your site. However, it is not possible to restore certain page types such as Wix Stores products. Learn more about restoring previous versionsMake sure search engines can index your pageYou can choose to prevent search engines from indexing your page in your site's Editor. If you select this option, search engines won't add your page to search results when they crawl it. If the search engines previously crawled the page, they will remove the page from search results. You can check if search engines can index your page in your site's editor.Learn more about letting search engines index your pages.Make sure that search engines can index your siteYou can choose whether or not to allow search engines to index your site in your SEO Settings. It's important to let search engines index your site if you want it to appear in search engine results. 
Go to your SEO Dashboard. Select Go to SEO Settings under Tools and settings. Make sure the Let search engines index your site toggle is enabled.Check if your pages has any redirectsWix's URL Redirect Manager lets you create 301 redirects for pages on your site. 301 redirects tell web browsers that the URL of a page on your site has changed permanently to a new URL. It also tells browsers that visitors who try to access the page's old URL should be sent to the new URL instead.If your page has a 301 redirect and the page doesn't appear in search results, try deleting the redirect.
Go to your SEO Dashboard. Select Go to URL Redirect Manager under Tools and settings. Hover over the 301 redirect that you want to delete. Click the Delete icon . Reset your page's canonical tagWix automatically creates a default canonical URL for all of your pages. You can change the canonical tag for a page in its Advanced SEO tab in the SEO panel.If you've customized your page's canonical tag and the page doesn't appear in search results, try resetting the canonical tag.
Go to your page's SEO settings:
    
Wix Editor:

Click Pages & Menu  on the left side of the editor.  Click the More Actions icon  next to the relevant page. Click SEO Basics.   Studio Editor:

Click Pages  at the top of the editor.  Click the More Actions icon  next to the relevant page. Click SEO Basics.     Click the Advanced SEO tab. Click Additional Tags. Click the More Actions   icon on canonical. Select Edit. Click Reset to Default. Click Apply.Check if your page has a "noindex" robots meta tagThe robots meta tag is a piece of HTML code that lets you use instructions (known as directives) to tell search engines how to interact with your site's pages. The "noindex" tag tells search engines not to index a page and can prevent the page from appearing in search results. If you think this may be causing your issue, you can check if your page has a "noindex" robots meta tag.Make sure that the page isn't password protectedSearch engines are not able to index pages that are password protected or pages that are accessible only to members of your site. Learn how to check if your page is password protected in the Wix Editor and Editor X.Check that your page has enough contentPages which don't contain enough content may return a soft 404 or 'no index' error. Pages containing no content at all may be removed from Google's index entirely. To avoid this issue, we recommend including at least 250-400 words on the page.Learn more about optimizing your site's contentAdd internal links to other pages on your siteInternal links connect one page on your site to other pages on your site. Search engines use internal links them to understand the relationship between your pages and the content on them.There are many ways that you can add internal links to your site. For example, you could add a site menu,  add a link to an element, or add a link to text on your page.Make sure your content follows Google's guidelinesGoogle requires pages to follow its recommendations and guidelines in order to appear in search results. It's a good idea to make sure that your page follow these guidelines if you want it to rank highly.In particular, it's important to make sure that your content aligns with what Google considers helpful. Google's E-E-A-T guidelines can help you decide if your content is what Google is looking for. E-E-A-T stands for:
Experience: Your content makes it clear that you have personal experience on the topic  Expertise - You can demonstrate knowledge or expertise on the topic Authority - Your site has a good reputation as a trustworthy source on the topic Trustworthy - Your content is accurate, honest, well-written, and authenticLearn more about Google's quality evaluation guidelinesCheck the index status of your pageIf you're not sure about the index status of a page, you can use Google's URL Inspection tool or the Wix Site Inspection tool to check it. These tools can tell you if your page is indexed or if there are any issues that are preventing it from being indexed.Check if your page has any manual actionsYour page may receive a manual action if Google decides that the content is not compliant with Google's quality guidelines. A manual action prevents your page from appearing in Google search results. You can use Google Search Console to check if Google has applied any manual actions to the page.Important:Changes to your site, including edits you make to your page titles and descriptions, do not appear in search engine results right away. Google must re-crawl your page in order to see that the saved version in its index has been updated with new content. Learn more about the time it takes for Google index a page.Note:If you redirect your site visitors based on their language, search engines may have difficulty finding and crawling the language versions of your site. For example, the Googlebot crawler usually originates from the USA and may not find and crawl all the versions of your site. Learn more about multiregional site issuesUsing the Wix SEO Setup ChecklistWe recommend using the Wix SEO Setup Checklist to optimize your site's SEO and submit your site to Google for indexing. The SEO Setup Checklist helps you pick the best keywords, title tags, and meta descriptions to rank higher. It also helps you connect your site to Google Search Console.After you've completed the SEO Setup Checklist, your site is submitted directly to Google for indexing.Get started with Wix SEO Setup ChecklistNote:It may take some time before Google indexes your site after the Wix SEO Setup Checklist has submitted it. Submitting your sitemap directly to GoogleSitemaps give information to search engines like which pages are on your site and when they were last updated. Every Wix site has a sitemap that updates automatically with your site’s most current information. Learn more about your site's sitemap fileWhen you complete the steps in your Wix SEO Setup Checklist, Wix automatically submits your sitemap index to Google for you. When you make changes to your site, your sitemap will be automatically updated with the changes. There's no need to submit your sitemap to Google again. If you want to submit your sitemap yourself, or submit it to other search engines, you can submit your sitemap directly. Tip:You can also submit individual page URLs directly to search engines. For example, if you make changes to one of your pages, you can re-submit only that page's URL as it will be more accurate. Learn how to submit an individual URLOptimizing your site for SEOIf your site is indexed, but not showing as high as you like in search results, optimizing your site's content for SEO can help your site rank higher. Similar to the SEO Setup Checklist, optimizing your site's content  helps search engines find and understand your site.A more technical but powerful way to improve your site's ranking is to use structured data markup. This is a standardized format for giving search engines detailed information about your page. Adding markup to your site's pages can help improve your website's search results and ranking. Search engines like Google can also use markup to create rich results like article previews, product previews, and FAQs for your page's search results. Learn moreWant to learn more about missing pages in Google search results?You can find more tips for dealing with missing pages in this Google article. 