Connecting a Meta Pixel and the Conversions API to Your Wix Site
With the Meta Pixel & CAPI integration, you can automatically connect your site with your Meta Business Account, your Meta Pixel, and the new Meta Conversions API (CAPI).Don't see Meta Pixel & CAPI in your dashboard?If you previously connected your Meta Pixel and want to try Meta Pixel & CAPI, you'll need to delete your Meta Pixel, refresh the page, and reconnect to Meta Pixel & CAPI.In this article, learn more about:
Meta Pixel & CAPI Connecting your site Disconnecting your site FAQsAbout Meta Pixel & CAPIThe Meta Pixel & CAPI integration lets you track conversion rates and measure the success of your Facebook campaigns.Using a Meta Pixel lets you track browser events on your site like product views, purchases, and form submissions. You can also optimize your advertising to promote products that visitors have previously viewed, searched for, or added to their cart. The Conversions API can gives you more control over the data you share. You can measure more customer actions like user scores and lead scores, and get more visibility into your customer's journey. Learn moreImportant:
To use this feature, you must upgrade your site and a connect a domain. When you use Facebook Ads with Wix to create a dynamic ad campaign on Facebook, Wix automatically connects your site to the Meta Pixel & CAPI integration. Learn moreConnecting your site to Meta Pixel & CAPIYou can connect your site to the Meta Pixel & CAPI integration in Marketing Integrations in your site's dashboard.Important:Before you can connect your site, you need to verify your domain on Facebook.To connect your site:
Go to Marketing Integrations in your site's dashboard.  Click Connect under Meta Pixel & CAPI. Click Connect to Facebook. (If required) Choose your profile in the pop-up and sign in. Click Next. Click Next to grant the necessary permissions to Wix Marketing Tools.
Click Next. Click Next on the What is Wix Marketing Tools allowed to do? page. Click Done. Once you've connected and added your Meta Pixel to your Wix site, you should start seeing data in your Facebook Business Manager. If you do not see any data, or the data is incorrect, you can try our troubleshooting steps. Tip:For advanced features like paid campaigns and custom events, you'll need to verify your domain on Facebook. Disconnecting your site from Meta Pixel & CAPIYou can disconnect your site from the Meta Pixel & CAPI integration in Marketing Integrations in your site's dashboard. Important:If you disconnect the integration through Facebook, events may still be sent and you may have issues disconnecting it in your site's dashboard.To disconnect your site:
Go to Marketing Integrations.  Click View under Meta Pixel & CAPI. Click the More Actions icon  in the top right. Select Delete.
Click Disconnect on the pop-up.FAQsWhat is a Meta Pixel?A Meta Pixel is a piece of code that lets you track browser events when customers visit your site. You can track events like views per product, purchases, and lead form submissions and send the data to your Facebook Business Manager account. Use the information to optimize your advertising and promote products that visitors have previously viewed, searched for, or added to their cart. Learn more about the benefits of tracking events with a Meta Pixel.What is the Conversions API?The Conversions API is a Facebook Business Tool. It lets you track server-side events for your site instead of browser events and send the data directly to your Facebook Business Manager account.You can use the Conversions API can get more control over the data you share, measure more customer actions like user scores and lead scores, and get more visibility into your customer's journey. Use the Conversions API along with your Meta Pixel to improve the accuracy of the events you measure.I use Facebook Ads with Wix, why was I automatically connected to Meta Pixel & CAPI?When you use Facebook Ads with Wix to create a dynamic ad campaign on Facebook, Wix automatically connects your site to the Meta Pixel & CAPI integration.This integration is required for Wix to be able to create campaigns. Disconnecting it can negatively affect your current campaigns, budgets, and statistics. It is not possible to disconnect this pixel if you have already created a campaign.However, if you have just set up your Facebook Ads account and have not yet created a campaign, you can follow the steps for disconnecting a Meta Pixel.You can view the activity related to your Meta Pixel on the Events Manager page of your Facebook Business Manager.Note:
By using this service, you are engaging directly with a third-party service provider. We recommend reviewing the service provider's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use prior to your use of such third-party service. You acknowledge that we are not liable for any loss or damage resulting from your use of such third-party service, including any liability arising from any personal data exchanged between you and such third-party. If your site uses a cookie banner, your Meta Pixel will only gather data after a visitor provides consent and approves using the relevant cookies. Learn More