Wix Payments: Assigning Payments Roles
You can allow co-owners, accountants or other collaborators to manage payments settings in your Wix site. Depending on the role you assign, your collaborators can:
Connect and manage a Wix Payments account Connect a 3rd party payment provider View payments, payouts and settlement reports Add funds Issue refunds Dispute chargebacksIn this article, learn more about:
Available payments roles Assigning a payments role Frequently asked questions (FAQs) Available payments rolesDepending on where you're located, there are a number of options available for people to collaborate on the payments aspects of your site.Admin / Co-OwnerThe Admin (Co-Owner) has full access to manage the Accept Payments dashboard with the same permissions as a Payments Admin (see below). This includes access to personal information and bank details.Co-Owners in Brazil will have limited Payments permissions.Payments AdminHas full access to set up a Wix Payments account as well as connecting third-party payment providers. This includes access to personal information, tax documents and bank details. They can connect and manage payment methods and view payments.
With Wix Payments they can also view payouts & settlement reports and manage funds, including adding funds, issuing refunds and disputing chargebacks. Payments Admins cannot edit, delete, or duplicate your site. This role is not compatible with Wix Payments Brazil accounts.Financial ManagerCan manage funds in the account and view payments, payouts & settlement reports in Wix Payments. They can also issue refunds and dispute chargebacks.
This type of role is especially useful for accountants. A Financial Manager has no access to your other site settings. Financial Managers cannot edit, delete, or duplicate your site. This role is not compatible with Wix Payments Brazil accounts.Payments ManagerThis role has been deprecated for new users in all countries (with the exception of Brazil). However, the Payments Manager role is still active for existing users who have that role currently assigned.A Payments Manager can manage payment methods under Wix Payments, as well as third-party payment providers. They can also add funds and manage refunds & chargebacks in Wix Payments. They cannot edit, delete, or duplicate your site. The role is available to all users in Brazil.Assigning a payments roleAllow your staff to manage their own bookings by making them Bookings staff members on your site. This frees you up to focus on other aspects of your business and affords your employees more freedom. To assign a payments role:
Go to Roles & Permissions in your site's dashboard. Click Invite People. Enter your collaborator’s email address. Select the checkbox next to the relevant role/s.  Click Send Invite.
Note: Invitation emails are valid for 30 days.Important:Emails from Wix Payments are sent to the email address of the site owner, as well as the relevant collaborator roles (Payments Admin, Financial Manager & Payments Manager). If a site is transferred or deleted, only the site owner will receive further emails from Wix Payments.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about payments roles.How long does an invitation to collaborate remain valid?The invite you send is valid for 30 days. If a collaborator doesn't accept the invite in time, you can resend it. Can I revoke an invite?The invite goes to the email address you enter. However, anyone with access to this email address can accept the invite by clicking the link and signing in or creating a new Wix account. If you feel that the email address that accepted the invitation is suspicious, you can remove it from the collaborator list.Are there terms and conditions for inviting a collaborator?By sending an invite, you agree to the Wix Terms of Use. 