Wix Blog: Adding and Setting Up Your Blog
Add a blog to your site to showcase what you love. Be it food, travel, sports, or art etc. you can create a stunning blog that suits your personal style and grow your online community around the world. Tips:
Before you get started, check out our complete step-by-step guide to blogging.  Discover everything Wix Blog has to offer in our "About Wix Blog" article.Step 1 | Add Wix Blog to your siteSome templates come with Wix Blog already pre-installed. If you do not have Wix Blog in your list of pages, you can add it from your editor, or directly from the Wix App Market.Wix EditorWix StudioWix App MarketWix App
Click the Add Elements  icon on the left side of the editor. Click Blog.  Click Add to Site. Note:When you add Wix Blog, you are asked if you would like to install with or without a Member's Area. This gives members access to several features including the ability to log in, create a public profile and comment on blog posts.
Click the Add Elements  icon on the left side of the editor. Click Blog.  Click Add to Site. Note:When you add Wix Blog, you are asked if you would like to install with or without a Member's Area. This gives members access to several features including the ability to login, create a public profile and comment on blog posts.
Go to the Wix App Market. Type "Wix Blog" in the Search Bar.  Select the app in the Search Results. Click Add to Site.  
Go to your site in the Wix app.  Tap Manage.  Tap Manage Apps.  Scroll down to Content and Community.  Tap Add next to Blog. Step 2 | Change the display settingsInside your editor, you can customize your blog's display settings to include the features you want to show on your blog. Select the information that you want to show on your feed, choose whether or not to display a menu on your blog, and add social share icons.Note:You may see different display options depending on the layout you choose. For example, the Side by Side layout lets you display descriptions of posts on your blog, but the Magazine layout does not. Show me how
Click your blog feed in your editor.  Click Settings.  Click the Display tab. Select or deselect the features you want to display in the blog feed or category feed.
Note: To choose which features appear on the post page, click here. Set your blog menu options:
    
Click Blog Menu. Click the Show blog menu toggle: 
        
Enabled: The blog menu is displayed at the top of the blog. Select or deselect the checkboxes next to each feature to show or hide it.  Disabled: The blog menu is not displayed.     Click Back. Click Social Sharing. Click the Enable share & print icons toggle to set whether social share icons appear on your posts.
    
Enabled: Social share icons are displayed with your posts.  Disabled: Social share icons are not displayed on posts.   (If you enabled social share icons) Select or deselect the checkboxes next to each social media network to show or hide it. 
 Step 3 | Change the layoutFrom your editor, you can play around and try different layouts to see which best suits your site's style. You can choose a different layout for the All Posts Feed - the main feed of your blog where all of your posts appear, and for the Category Feed - which displays the posts per category. Note:We are using the Editorial layout in this article, other layouts may have different options than what is shown here. Show me how
Click your blog feed in your editor. Click Settings.  Click the Layout tab. Choose a layout for the All Posts Feed. Choose the Image Ratio for each post. Customize the layout settings:
    
Post size: Set the minimum width that your posts can have. Spacing between posts: Set the spacing between posts.  Text box height: After changing display settings or font size, you can use text box height to ensure your box is the optimal size for the content. Feed margins: Adjust both right/left and top/bottom margins at once. Text padding (left to right): Adjust the space between the text and the border of the text box.   Customize the Post Loading settings:
    
Select how posts should load:
        
On scroll down: Posts display in an endless scroll. With page numbers: After a set number of pages load, visitor can click to view the next.   Choose how many posts should load:
        
Drag the slider to set how many posts appear per page or with every scroll.     Click the Category Feed tab at the top to customize the layout settings for the category feed. Step 4 | Customize the designFrom your editor, you can change the look and feel of all parts of your blog by customizing the colors and fonts, and button designs.To customize the design:
Click your blog feed in your editor. Click Settings.  Click the Design tab. Choose what you want to customize:Navigation
Click Navigation. Customize the design of the following parts of the blog menu:
    
Font style and color: Click the dropdown to choose a font style and click the color box to change the color of the font. Font color for clicked & hover: Click the color box to choose a color for the font when clicked and on hover.  Background opacity and color: Drag the slider to change the level of opacity for your background, and click the color box to choose a color.   Posts
Click Posts.  Click the All Posts Feed tab.
Note: Changes made here affect posts displayed on the main blog page. Customize the design of the following:
    
Title style & color: Click the dropdown to choose a title style and click the color box to change the color of the title font. Description style & color: Click the dropdown to choose a description style, and click the color box to change the color of the description font. Text color on hover: Click the color box to choose a color for the text on hover. Overlay color: Drag the slider to change the level of color in the overlay and click the color box to change the color.    (If you have created categories) Click the Category Feed tab. 
Note: Changes made here affect posts displayed on the category pages. Customize the settings for your Category Feed.Category labels
Click Category labels.  Choose a layout, text or button.  Customize the category style:
    
Font style and color: Click the drop-down to choose a font style and click the color box to choose a color for your font.  Font opacity and color on hover: Drag the slider to increase or decrease the level of opacity of your font on hover. Click the color box to choose a color on hover.    Click the Make labels uppercase toggle to enable or disable it:
    
Enabled: The category label text appears on the post in uppercase.  Disabled: The category label text appears on the post as lowercase  Buttons
Click Buttons Customize the design of the following:
    
Text color: Click the color box to choose a color for your button text.  Background color: Click the color box to choose a color for you button background.    Ratings
Click Posts.  Click the All Posts Feed tab.
Note: Changes made here affect posts displayed on the main blog page. Customize the following:
    
Filled star opacity and color: Drag the slider to increase or decrease the level of opacity of a filled star and click the color box to choose a color.  Unfilled star opacity and color: Drag the slide to increase or decrease the level of opacity of an unfilled star and click the color box to choose a color.  Text font and color: Click the drop-down to customize the font and click the color box to choose a color for your font.    (If you have created categories) Click the Category Feed tab.
Note: Changes made here affect posts displayed on the category pages. Customize the settings for your Category Feed. Video Settings. 
Click Video Settings.  Customize the following:
    
Play videos: Click the dropdown to choose how you want your videos to play.  Play with sound: Click the Play with sound toggle to enable or disable sound in your videos.  Playback speed: Click the dropdown to choose your video playback speed.  Loop videos: Enable or disable the Loop videos toggle to choose if your videos play in a loop or not.  Show play button: Enable or disable the Show play button toggle to show or hide a clickable play button on your video.  Step 5 | Create post categoriesOnce you've customized your blog feed, you can then create some categories to help structure and organize your blog, which is very useful once it grows bigger. Show me how
Click the blog in your editor. Click Manage Posts. Click the Categories tab on the left.  Click New Category at the top right. Enter a category label in the Category Label field (this appears in the navigation menu and at the bottom of blog posts in this category). (Optional) Update the category URL. Enter the Category Title which appears in search engine results and when sharing a category on social media. Enter the Category Description which appears in search engine results and when sharing a category on social media. (Optional) Upload a category image which appears when sharing a category on social media.
    
Click the Add  icon. Select an image or upload a new one. Click Add to Page. Click Save.  Tip: After creating your categories, you can click and drag the categories to reorder them. Step 6 | Create your first blog postAfter all the setting up, you are finally ready to start writing posts! You can do this from your site's dashboard, or from your live site.Tip:Your blog comes with default content that is full of helpful tips and tricks. Be sure to delete these articles before you publish your blog.Show me how
Click the blog in the Editor and click Manage Posts. Click Create New Post and start writing. Learn moreTip: To write posts from your live site, just login to your live site using the email address associated with your Wix account.  FAQs Click a question below to find out more.I've added Wix Blog to my site, but I don't see it, what should I do?After you add Wix Blog to your site, make sure that you see two new pages in the Pages menu of your editor: the Blog page and the Post page. If you don't see these two pages, delete Wix Blog and re-add it. Can I display blog posts on different pages other than the dedicated Blog pages?Yes, you can give your site visitors a sneak peek at some of you blog content by adding a Post List element to your site. You can place this element on any page on your site and bring traffic to your blog pages. Can I earn money from my blog content?Yes, earn money from your blog by setting up blog subscriptions. Can I translate my blog content to other languages?Yes, using both Wix Blog and Wix Multilingual, you can translate your blog content into other languages. If I customize my Blog Feed, will the settings change for my Blog Post Page?No, these settings need to be customized separately. The changes you make to your Blog Feed do not apply to your Blog Post Page. Learn how to customize your Blog Post Page. What is SEO and how can it help my blog?SEO is as important as content when it comes to running a successful blog. Taking the time to customize those settings early on is really going to help you in the long run. If you're not sure where to begin with SEO, we recommend reading our blog post "What is SEO? A beginner’s guide to search engine optimization".How can I incorporate hashtags into my blog content?Hashtags are great because they help your readers find similar content just by clicking on the hashtag. You can add a hashtag anywhere in a post. Simply write the hashtag symbol (#) and text with no spaces and publish your post. 