Submitting Your Sitemap and URLs Directly to Search Engines
A sitemap is an XML file that contains a list of the URLs of the pages on your site. It also contains useful information such as the relationships between pages and when each page was last updated. Every Wix site has a sitemap that updates automatically with your site’s most current information. Learn more about your site's sitemapSearch engines such as Google use sitemaps to help them crawl and index websites. Wix automatically updates your sitemap when you make changes to your site.Tip:You can view your sitemap index by adding sitemap.xml to the end of your domain name in the address bar. For example: https://mystunningwebsite.com/sitemap.xml.In this article, learn more about:
Your sitemap and the Wix SEO Setup Checklist Submitting your sitemap to search engines Submitting individual URLs to search enginesYour sitemap and the Wix SEO Setup ChecklistWhen you connect your site to Google Search Console using the Wix SEO Setup Checklist, Wix automatically submits your sitemap to Google. When you make changes to your site, your sitemap will be automatically updated with the changes. There's no need to submit your sitemap to Google again. Important:To connect to Google Search Console, you must have a Premium plan and a domain connected to your site. This can be either a domain purchased from Wix or a domain purchased from another domain host.Tip:It can take some time for changes to your site's pages to appear in Google search results. If you want your changes to appear quicker, you can try to request indexing for the page.Manually submitting your sitemap to search enginesEach search engine has their own webmaster tools and their own method for submitting sitemaps. Check the steps below for the search engine that you want to submit your sitemap to. Important:Before you can submit your sitemap to search engines, you need to verify your ownership of your site's domain with them. Learn how to verify your domainLearn how to submit a sitemap to:Google
Go to Google Search Console. Select your site from the drop-down. Select Sitemaps. Enter the URL slug of the sitemap you want to submit under Add a new sitemap.
For example, to submit the sitemap for your entire site, enter sitemap.xml. 
 Click Submit.Bing
Go to Bing Webmaster Tools.  Select your site from the drop-down. Click Sitemaps. Click Submit sitemap. Enter the URL of the sitemap you want to submit under Submit sitemap. For example, to submit the sitemap for your entire site, enter https://mystunningwebsite.com/sitemap.xml. 
 Click Submit.Tip:You can also resubmit existing sitemaps by selecting the sitemap from the list and clicking Re-submit. Yandex
Go to Yandex Webmaster Tools. Select your site from the drop-down. Click Indexing. Select Sitemap tools. Enter the URL of the sitemap you want to submit under Add sitemap file. For example, to submit the sitemap for your entire site, enter https://mystunningwebsite.com/sitemap.xml. 
 Click Add.Tip:You can also resubmit existing sitemaps clicking the Resubmit icon  beside the sitemap that you want to resubmit.Naver
Go to Naver Webmaster Tools. Select the site that you want to submit the sitemap for. Click 요약 (Request). Select 사이트맵 제출 (Submit your sitemap). Enter the URL slug of the sitemap you want to submit under 사이트맵 URL 입력 (Enter the sitemap URL). 
For example, to submit the sitemap for your entire site, enter sitemap.xml.  Click 확인 (Confirm).Submitting individual URLs to search enginesYou can also submit individual page URLs directly to search engines. For example, if you make changes to one of your blog posts, you should only re-submit that page's URL as it will be more accurate. Each search engine has their own webmaster tools and their own method for submitting URLs. Check the steps below for the search engine that you want to submit your sitemap to.Important:Before you can submit URLs to search engines, you need to verify your ownership of your site. Learn how to verify your site with search enginesLearn how to submit URLs to:Google
Go to Google Search Console. Select your site from the drop-down. Enter the URL that you want to index in the search bar at the top and click the Enter key.
Note: Make sure you enter the full URL, including "https://www" in the beginning. Click Request Indexing.Bing
Go to Bing Webmaster Tools.  Select your site from the drop-down. Click URL submission. Click Submit URLs. Enter the URL that you want to index under Submit URLs.
Note: Make sure you enter the full URL, including "https://www" in the beginning. Click Submit.Yandex
Go to Yandex Webmaster Tools. Select your site from the drop-down. Click Indexing. Select Reindex pages. Enter the URL that you want to index under Reindex pages. 
Note: Make sure you enter the full URL, including "https://www" in the beginning. Click Send.Naver
Go to Naver Webmaster Tools. Select the site that you want to submit the sitemap for. Click 요약 (Request). Select 웹 페이지 최적화 (Web page collection). Enter the URL slug of the page that you want to index under 수집 요청 URL 입력 (Enter the collection request URL). Click 확인 (Confirm).