Wix Editor: Managing Your Lightboxes
Lightboxes are a great way to display important information in a pop-up window, like announcements, sales, and news. After creating a lightbox, you can rename it, duplicate it to quickly create another or link it to an element that visitors click to open the pop-up.In this article, learn more about:
Opening lightboxes in the editor Renaming a lightbox Linking elements to a lightbox Duplicating a lightbox Deleting a lightbox Adding a link to the lightbox Close buttonOpening your lightboxesAccess your lightbox from the Menus & Pages panel to edit its design and content, or manage it as needed.To open a lightbox:
Go to your editor. Click Pages & Menu  on the left side of the editor. Click Lightboxes. Click the relevant lightbox to open it.Renaming a lightboxChange the name of a lightbox so it's easy to find in your editor. Lightbox titles aren't displayed on your live site, so you can choose whatever name you like. We recommend selecting a name that best suits its content, such as "Sign Up Form", or "Sale Announcement".To rename a lightbox:
Click the relevant lightbox in the Pages & Menu  panel. Click the More Actions icon . Click Rename. Enter the new name into the field. Click Done.Linking elements to a lightboxLink an element on your site to a lightbox so it pops up when visitors click the element. You can link text, buttons, and even Vector art to your lightbox.To link an element to a lightbox:
Select the element you want to link from in your editor. Click the Link icon . Select Lightbox. Click the Which Lightbox? drop-down menu and select the relevant lightbox. Click Done.Did you know?You can link from one lightbox to another with the Close button, so visitors see a second pop-up when closing the first one. Set the Close button to open the second lightbox when visitors click it using the Link panel. Duplicating a lightboxDuplicate your lightbox to have a consistent design for your pop-ups. You can change the content as needed, while maintaining your favorite text and colors. To duplicate a lightbox:
Click the relevant lightbox in the Pages & Menu  panel. Click the More Actions icon . Click Duplicate. Enter the name for the new lightbox. Click Done.Deleting a lightboxDelete any lightboxes you no longer need to keep your site's announcements fresh and up to date.To delete a lightbox:
Click the relevant lightbox in the Pages & Menu  panel. Click the More Actions icon . Click Delete.Adding a link to a lightbox Close buttonLink your lightbox Close button to pages, external sites, and more. When visitors click the button, they're brought to the location you've linked.Note:This option is only available if you have enabled a Close button on your lightbox. To add a link to your Close button:
Open the relevant lightbox in your editor. Click the Close button on your lightbox. Click the Link icon . Select a link type. Add the relevant information. Click Done.