Google Ads with Wix: FAQs About Your Monthly Subscription, Daily Spend, and Ad Credits
From the main campaigns page in your Google Ads with Wix dashboard you can view and manage your subscription. You can also adjust your daily spend across all your campaigns and make one-time payments.Click a section below to learn more about your Google Ads with Wix subscription, daily spend, and ad credits.In this article, learn more about:
Your monthly subscription, ad credit, and daily spend Ad credits for live or paused campaigns How your ad spend works Making one-time payments The Google Ads $500 promotional credit Currency questionsYour monthly subscription, ad credit, and daily spendWhat is the difference between a monthly subscription, ad credit, and daily spend?
Monthly subscription: The amount billed monthly (before VAT) as a whole for all campaigns you're running with Google Ads with Wix. The monthly subscription amount is applied directly to your ad credit each month. Ad credit: The total sum of money available to run ads across all your campaigns. Ad credit is only spent on ad link clicks and clicks to CTA buttons. Note: Your ad credit is paid in USD regardless of the currency you pay your subscription in. One-time ad credits: A one-time purchase of extra credits for when you want to promote a specific sale or event, or give a specific campaign(s) a boost and get more clicks.  Daily spend: The amount of money you set for a specific campaign to spend on clicks per day. You can set a different daily spend for each campaign using your ad credit. Your daily spend is optimized to be spent only on ad link clicks and CTA button clicks. The amount will be paid up front, and is not pay-per-click.What does my Google Ads with Wix subscription include?Your Google Ads with Wix subscription includes:
The amount billed monthly (before VAT) as a whole for all campaigns you run with Google Ads with Wix. The amount is applied directly to your ad credit each month.  The Wix fee* and tax.*Wix gets 15% of your payment for running and optimizing your campaign. The remaining 85% goes towards your ad credit which is spent on ad clicks.Does Wix charge a fee?Wix gets 15% of your payment for running and optimizing your campaign, the remaining 85% goes towards your ad spend which is spent on ad clicks. Prices do not include VAT, which is determined based on your billing country.What does my ad credit include?Your ad credit may include your monthly subscription, any rollover ad credit from previous months, as well as any qualifying Google Ads credit applied to your account. If you pay in a supported currency (e.g. EUR, GBP, JPY, USD) the ad credits are in the same currency. For all other currencies, ad credits in your dashboard show as USD.How is my ad credit spent?Google Ads use PPC model of digital advertising. PPC stands for pay-per-click, a system where the advertiser pays a fee each time one of their ads is clicked. Essentially, you're paying for targeted visits to your website (or landing page or app).Therefore, in some cases, the ad credit might not be used if the campaign is not clicked.How do I manage my subscription?You can manage your subscription from the campaigns page of your dashboard. Click Manage Spend & Credits at the top to update your monthly subscription or adjust your daily spend across all campaigns you're running.Ad credits for live or paused campaignsWhat happens to my ad credit if I pause a campaign?You can pause your campaign at any time. As soon as you pause, the following changes happen:
Your ad is no longer shown on Google. Your remaining ad credits stay in your account. If the paused campaign was your last active campaign on the account, auto renew is turned off for the subscription.Note: Any Google Ads credits that have an expiry date may expire while the campaign is paused.Can I use my remaining ad credit for a paused campaign without purchasing a new subscription? Yes. Ad credit is saved in your account. If your subscription expires, you can run a campaign on the remaining ad credit until it is gone. Then the campaign will stop.How your ad spend worksHow do I change the daily spend of my campaign?
From the main campaigns page, click Manage Spend & Credits at the right. View the ad credits remaining in the current billing cycle. Click Adjust Daily Spend to change your daily spend. Enter a new daily spend for the campaign(s) you want to change. If you are running more than one campaign, you can see the total daily spend across all your campaigns.
Note: If you don't have enough for the new daily amount, you can increase your monthly subscription. Click Save to update your daily spend. If you have also increased your subscription, you will go through the checkout process at this step.What happens to my daily spend if it is not fully utilized within the month?As Google uses the PPC (pay-per-click) model, it is possible that the your daily spend will not be fully utilized due to a lack of clicks. If this is the case, your remaining spend will be added to the total ad credits for the following month.How does my daily spend work if I am running multiple campaigns?You pay for one Google Ads with Wix subscription regardless of how many campaigns you run. You can also always buy extra ad credits with a one-time payment that are added on top of your subscription. Your ad credits are used to run your ads.When you choose a daily spend for a new campaign, it's taken from the total 'bucket' of ad credits available for all campaigns in your account. To get more ad credits, Click Manage Spend and Credits in the campaigns page and increase your subscription.How do I view my Google Ads with Wix invoices?All invoices for Wix services can be viewed in the Billing History page of your account. Invoices may include VAT, which is determined based on your billing country.Making one-time paymentsHow do I make a one-time payment?
Click Manage Spend & Credits in the campaigns page. Click Manage Ad Credits. Select Purchase one-time ad credits and choose an amount. Click Purchase Credits.What is the difference between a monthly subscription and a one-time payment?Your monthly subscription is the amount billed monthly for all the campaigns you're running with Google Ads with Wix. The monthly subscription amount is applied directly to the total ad credit each month (ad credit available across all the campaigns).
However, if you want to purchase additional ad credit, you can make a one-time purchase of credits that are added to the total in your account. You can then readjust the daily budget of one or more campaigns as needed. This won’t affect your overall monthly subscription.About the Google Ads $500 Promotional CreditWhat are the requirements for receiving the promotional credit ($500 for USD subscriptions) offer from Google?You are eligible for the ad credit as long as you meet the following conditions: 
You are new to Google advertising. You have not run a Google Ads campaign previously with your site. You have spent $500 USD (or your currency equivalent ) on ad clicks in the first 60 days after launching your campaign.Note: If you have run a campaign in the past with Google Ads, you will not be eligible, even if this is your first campaign with Google Ads with Wix.Is Google's promotional credit offered for different currencies?Yes. Your promotional credit is based on the currency you used to pay for your subscription.Below is a list of what you need to spend on Google to get promotional credit:
USD: Spend 500 USD to get 500 USD EUR: Spend 400 EUR to get 400 EUR GBP: Spend 400 GBP to get 400 GBP JPY: Spend 60,000 JPY to get 60,000 JPY Every other currency: Spend 500 USD to get 500 USD. (e.g. if converting AUD to USD you must spend roughly 725 AUD to reach 500 USD threshold).Can I use Google's promotional credit to cover the renewal of a subscription?Unfortunately, it is not possible to use the credit to cover a subscription renewal. This credit must be used towards your campaign.How long do I have to spend the ad credit after receiving it?You need to spend the ad credit within 60 days of receiving it in your account. After 60 days, the ad credit expires.How is the ad credit applied to my account?After you have spent $500 USD within the first 60 days, Google automatically applies the amount to your available ad credits. You will receive an email about the new credit, as well as a dashboard notification.Why am I not seeing the credit immediately?Purchasing a Google Ads with Wix subscription does not apply the credit immediately. The promotional credit is applied to your account after you spend $500 USD on ad clicks. Then it is applied to your account.Note: Since the credit comes directly from Google, it may take a few days to see the credit applied to your account after you have fulfilled the requirements.Currency questionsWhat if I choose to pay for my subscription in a currency other than USD?You pay for your monthly Google Ads subscription to Wix in the currency of your choice. This is applied to your ad credits that are spent on clicks. If you pay for your subscription in an unsupported currency, your monthly subscription gets converted into US Dollar (USD) to pay Google for the ad credits you spent on clicks.You can find the exact conversion value for the current subscription period next Monthly Subscription on your dashboard.What are the Google Ads supported currencies?The supported currencies that Wix can apply to your ad credits to pay Google are:
US Dollar (USD) Euro (EUR) Great British Pound (GBP) Japanese Yen (JPY)If you pay Wix for your monthly subscription in one of these currencies, it will be applied to your ad credits in that currency.Why was I charged for Google Ads in USD when that isn't my currency?Wix automatically determines your billing currency by geolocation. If you pay for your Google Ads with Wix subscription in an unsupported currency, your subscription is converted into USD ad credits each month to pay Google.This conversion from monthly subscription to ad credits in USD happens when your initial subscription is purchased, and repeats each time the subscription renews.Note: Your Google Ads dashboard also shows your ad credit in USD.