Wix Invoices: Managing Your Invoices in the Wix App
Review and manage all of your customer invoices on the go using the Wix app. You can edit invoices, duplicate them, resend them, share them via a unique link, and more. To simplify your accounting processes, you can charge customer credit cards directly from your app.In this article, learn how to: 
Review your invoices in the Wix app Manage individual invoices in the Wix app Reviewing your invoicesWhen you access Invoices in your Wix app, you'll see a list of all the invoices you've created.Filter and search to find the invoices you need. Each invoice will have a status attached:
Draft: The invoice has been saved as a draft, but has not been sent to your customer. Sent: The invoice has been sent to your customer. Your customer can view and print the invoice. Viewed: The invoice was opened by your customer. Paid: The invoice was paid in full online, or you manually marked the invoice as paid. Partial: The invoice has been partially paid. In Process: Your customer has begun the payment process, but the payment has not yet been confirmed. It can take up to 4 hours for the invoice to revert to its original status or to change to Paid. While the invoice is in process, you can only view or print it. Overdue: The invoice has not been paid and has passed the due date. Void: The invoice has been canceled. Your customer can still view and print this invoice, although a Void stamp can be seen on the invoice.To review your invoices:
Go to your site in the Wix app.﻿ Tap Manage  at the bottom. Tap Manage Invoices under Getting Paid. Review your existing invoices in the Invoices tab. Tap an individual invoice to view more information or edit a draft invoice. (Optional) Tap the Totals tab to view total paid, sent and overdue invoice amounts.Managing individual invoices There are many ways you can manage your invoices using the Wix app. Make edits and then resend an invoice by email or share via a unique link. Duplicate an existing invoice to save time when creating a new one. Charge a customer's card directly from their invoice, and more.Note:Some invoice management (for example, printing or deleting an invoice) can only be done from your dashboard.To manage your invoices:
Go to your site in the Wix app.﻿ Tap Manage  at the bottom. Tap Manage Invoices under Getting Paid. Tap the invoice you want to manage.
Note: If an invoice is in Draft status, tapping it will give you the chance to edit it before following step 6 below. Tap the More Actions icon   at the top of your screen.  Choose what you want to do:Send via emailSend or resend an invoice if your customer didn't receive it or accidentally deleted it.
Tap Send via email. Review or edit the content of the email your customer will receive. Tap Send.Note: It is not possible to issue an invoice showing a refund. Vote for the ability to do so.Share linkShare links to Wix Invoices via any platform or channel. By sending customers links to their invoices, they can pay for your goods or services without having to search for your invoice in their email inbox.
Tap Share link. Share your link via one of your device's native apps.Note: When you create a link for a draft invoice, it will be marked as Sent. This action can't be undone.Enter card details manuallyYou can handle the payment of an invoice by charging a customer's credit card.
Tap Enter credit card manually. Enter your customer's credit card details. Tap Next.Note: You can only charge the full invoice amount or the deposit amount (if defined). You cannot charge any other amount.Charge with card readerSet up a mobile point of sale to accept payments for invoices using your mobile device and a card reader with Wix Mobile POS.  
Note: If you are based in the US, you can also set up tap to pay using certain mobile devices. 
Tap Charge with card reader.  Select a payment option:
    
Card reader: Let customer swipe, insert, or tap the customer's credit card. (US only) Tap to Pay (iPhone or Android): Let customer tap their card or phone.  Learn more about charging clients at a point of sale.  Record paymentIf a customer makes a partial or full payment via cash, bank transfer, check or similar, record this payment so it is reflected on their invoice. Learn more about setting up manual (offline) payments.
Tap Record payment. Enter amount received, payment date and payment method. Tap Save.Notes:
You must record the full payment amount if you want the invoice to be marked as Paid. You can record a partial payment amount for offline payments only.EditYou can edit any of your invoices, as long as they are not marked as Paid or Void.
Tap Edit.
Note: If your invoice is a recurring invoice, you'll see Edit recurring invoice. Learn more about recurring invoices. Edit the relevant information. Tap Update.Notes:
When changing the invoice total, the balance must be greater than or equal to the payment(s) you have already received from your customer. When you update your customer's email address:
    
For all sent invoices: The status will change back to Draft. A new invoice link is created and the original link will no longer be valid. You can resend the invoice via email or by using the new invoice link. For all paid invoices: The updated customer email address will not be reflected on your customer's paid invoice. The change will only be reflected in your Contact List.  Duplicate as draft
Tap Duplicate as draft. (Optional) Make changes to your new draft invoice. Tap Next. Follow step 6 above to choose how you want to manage this invoice.
Note: The following details update automatically in the duplicated invoice:
Issue Date: The issue date is the date the invoice was duplicated. Due Date: The due date is calculated based on your payment terms. Invoice #: The invoice is given a new invoice number.VoidYou can void (cancel) any of your paid or sent invoices. Customers will not be able to make a payment on void invoices. If an invoice has been paid and is then made void, the amount will be deducted from your total paid overview and revenue report. This action can’t be undone.
Tap Void. Tap Void to confirm.