Wix Editor: Changing the Length of Your Page
Your site pages do not have a predetermined size, and they automatically adjust their length to accommodate the content you add to them. This ensures that your information and elements aren't cut off on your live site. You can manually change the length of your pages to make them longer or shorter, depending on your layout and content needs.In this article, learn more about:
Changing the length of your page FAQsChanging your page lengthResize your page with the Page Height handle in the editor. You can find this handle in different places on your site, depending on whether you do or don't have a footer on that page. To change the height of a page that has a footer:
Click your footer. Click and drag the Adjust Page Height handle on the top of the footer to the desired position.To change the height of a page without a footer:
Click your page. Click and drag the Adjust Page Height handle at the bottom of the page to the desired position.Note:This option is only available if you have chosen the No Header & Footer layout for your page. FAQsCan each page be a different length?Your site's pages can all have different lengths. This also applies to your mobile site.Can I reset the height of my page?Absolutely. Just double-click the Adjust Page Height handle to reset the height of your page. I'm clicking the Page Height Handle but it isn't moving. Why not?If your page isn't resizing, there may be an element that's getting in the way. For example, you cannot make a page shorter if doing so will cut off an element at the bottom of the page. In order to resize your page length, you need to move or delete the element first. Note: If you can't find the element, you can use the Layers panel to locate it.What are the minimum and maximum lengths my page can be?Your page length can be a minimum of 500 pixels, and a maximum of 60,000 pixels. Pages with more content take longer to load than those with less content and elements. Therefore, if you have a lot of content on your site, we recommend dividing and displaying it on multiple pages.I resized my page, but now there's a gap between the page and the footer. What do I do?You can remove gaps between your page and footer by adjusting the length of the page again, or by changing the page design. Learn more about removing gaps between a page and a footer