Wix Payments: Refunding Customers
When necessary, you can refund a customer for all or part of a payment they've made through Wix Payments. Refunds can take up to 3-5 business days to reach your customer's credit card/bank account, depending on the financial institution. Refunding a Wix Payments paymentIssue refunds from your Wix Payments account on desktop or from the Wix app on your mobile device.DesktopWix app
Go to Payments in your site's dashboard. Click on the payment to refund. Click Refund.
 Enter the amount to refund and a note (if needed). Click Refund.
Go to Payments in the Wix app. Tap on the payment to refund. Tap Refund.
 (Optional) Tap the Note icon  to add a note of the details of this refund and tap Save. Enter the amount to refund, and tap Issue Refund. Tap Issue Refund to confirm. FAQsClick a question below to learn more about refunds in Wix Payments.What is the minimum amount that can be refunded?The typical minimum refund amount per currency is as follows:Canada: 1 CAD
European Union: 1 EUR
Switzerland: 1 CHF
United Kingdom: 1 GBPUnited States: 1 USDWix Payments reserves the right not to allow refunds of less than $1, or the local currency equivalent.Can refunds be cancelled?Once initiated, refunds cannot be canceled or reversed. Can I refund a payment in partial refunds?After providing a partial refund to a customer, you can still refund them for the remaining amount at a later point in time.Is there a time limit for refunds?
For Affirm payments, refunds can be issued up to 120 days after the initial payment For Afterpay payments, refunds can be issued up to 120 days after the initial payment For Klarna payments, refunds can be issued up to 180 days after the initial paymentWhat are the fees for refunding payments?For refunded payments, standard Wix Payments processing fees apply. For example, in the U.S., if you issue a $100 refund to your customer, the original processing fee of $2.90 + $0.30 for that customer's purchase will not be paid back to your Wix Payments account. No additional refund fees will be charged. I issued a refund, but my customer hasn't received it yet. What should I do?Allow 3-5 business days for the refund to reach your customer's credit card. If your customer still hasn't received their refund after 3-5 business days, contact us and we'll be happy to assist you further. 