Wix Editor: Adding and Customizing Mobile-Only Elements
Using the mobile Editor, you can add elements that are exclusive to your mobile site. Add text, images, buttons, embeds and other elements that are completely optimized for small screens. As mobile-only elements don't appear on your desktop site, you can design them as you wish, adjust the layout and duplicate them for easy editing. This allows you to replace desktop elements that aren't suitable for mobile, or create a completely different look just for mobile. How do I access the mobile Editor?Access the mobile Editor anytime by clicking the Switch to mobile icon  on the top of the Editor. In this article, learn more about:
Adding mobile-only elements Designing mobile-only elements Adjusting the layout of a mobile-only element Duplicating mobile-only elementsAdding mobile-only elementsAdd mobile-only elements to tailor your site completely for visitors on mobile devices. Add elements like text, images, buttons and more from the Add to mobile panel in the mobile Editor. Click an option below to learn more about the types of elements available:TextUse text to display information, announcements, or just tell your story.The text types available to add on mobile are:
Themed Text: This text has been chosen specifically with your site's look and theme in mind. It contains both headings and paragraph text, so you have everything you need. Titles: These text types are a great way to draw your visitors' eyes. They should be used as page or section headings on your mobile site. Paragraphs: Use these text types for paragraphs or blocks of text on your site. They're generally used for most of your site's content. Collapsible text: Use collapsible text to concisely display information on your mobile site, and invite visitors to read more. Learn more about collapsible textImageUse images to display anything on your site, including products, photography, or even your day-to-day life.The image types available to add on mobile are:
My images: Select from files you've already uploaded to your site, or upload / import new files.  Explore images: Choose from hundreds of beautiful stock pictures and illustrations available from Wix, Shutterstock, and UnsplashButtonsUse buttons to direct mobile visitors to important information and actions. They can also encourage interaction from your visitors, while keeping your mobile site clean and organized.The type of buttons available to add on mobile are:
Themed Buttons: These buttons have been chosen specifically for your site, as they match its template and theme. Text & Icon Buttons: Display both text and an icon on your button. You can change the icon, text, and button background. Icon Buttons: These buttons contain icons only. You can change the icon design, and even add animation.DecorativeUse decorative elements to add fun and creativity to your pages. You can add links to encourage interaction from site visitors, or even animation to bring your mobile site to life.The types of decorative elements available to add on mobile are:
Shapes: Choose from a range of shapes, arrows, and lines. Vector Art: Choose from hundreds of beautiful illustrations. Vector art images are SVG files, which means the quality isn't affected when the art is resized.BoxUse boxes to display neat and sophisticated content on your site.Choose from a range of container boxes to suit your site. There are a variety of customization options available, including fill, opacity, and shadow. SocialUse social tools to direct site visitors to your social media accounts, straight from their mobile devices.
Social Bar: Add a social bar to streamline your accounts into one handy place for site visitors to add and follow you on whatever social media you choose. Share Buttons: Make it easy for visitors to share site pages across their social media accounts.Embed CodeUse embeds as a fun and personal way to showcase widgets, services, and external sites.The types of embed elements available to add in mobile are:
HTML: Display content from external servers, such as calendar and weather widgets. Sites: Display external websites on your mobile site by entering the address. Custom elements: Display whatever you'd like on your mobile site using custom code snippets. Not sure if it's a mobile or desktop element?Mobile-only elements display a Mobile icon  when you click them.Designing mobile-only elementsYou can customize your elements using design options such as fill color, border, and shadow. By designing your elements, you can make your mobile site truly unique and create something fun and informative for your visitors.To design your element:
Click the mobile-only element. Click the Design icon . Use the customization options available to design your element.Note:The available design options depend on the type of element. Adjusting the layout of a mobile-only elementChange the layout of elements to align your mobile site. Adjusting your elements can keep your site neat, and provide a smooth experience for mobile visitors.To change the element's layout:
Click the mobile-only element. Click the Layout icon . Use the customization options available to adjust the layout.Note:The available layout options depend on the type of element. Want to move a strip?You can click and drag strips / columns in the mobile Editor to move it and its elements.Duplicating mobile-only elementsYou can copy and paste elements on your mobile site to quickly and easily add as many as you like. To duplicate a mobile-only element:
Right-click the element. Click Copy. Right-click the page / strip. Click Paste.Notes:
Only supported mobile elements can be copied from the desktop Editor, and pasted to the mobile Editor. Mobile-only elements cannot be pasted to the desktop Editor.