Wix Inbox: Connecting Instagram to Inbox
Connect your Instagram page to Wix Inbox to manage Instagram messages in the same place as your other communication channels. This keeps your customer interactions organized and easier to manage, and prevents you from having to switch between platforms.All messages sent to your Instagram page appear in your Wix Inbox. From your inbox, you have the option to respond via Instagram or other channels, such as email or chat.In this article, learn more about:
Connecting your Instagram page to Wix Inbox Managing Instagram messages in Wix Inbox TroubleshootingImportant:
In order to connect Instagram to your inbox, you must have an Instagram professional account that is connected to a Facebook page.  Make sure to use a desktop computer rather than mobile device to connect Wix Inbox to Instagram.Connecting Instagram to Wix InboxTo connect your Instagram page, follow the link from your Wix Inbox settings. You'll be redirected to  log in to your Facebook account and complete the setup.To connect Instagram to Wix Inbox:
Go to Inbox in your site's dashboard. ﻿Click the Settings drop-down at the top right. Click Communication Channels. Click Connect Account next to Instagram Business. Log in to Facebook and follow the steps to connect your account.Managing Instagram messages in Wix InboxView and reply to messages sent to your Instagram page, directly from Wix Inbox. As with every other inbox message, you can star important conversations, assign a conversation to someone on your team, archive irrelevant messages, and more.The person who sent you the message is automatically saved as a new contact on your site. You can always edit their contact info to add their phone number, email, etc.To manage Instagram messages in Wix Inbox:
Go to Inbox in your site's dashboard. Choose what you want to do:View and reply to a conversation
Select the relevant conversation to view it. Use the toolbar at the bottom to reply to the conversation:
    
(Optional) Click Instagram next to Message via: to reply using another channel (e.g. email, SMS).


 Enter your message in the Type your message... field.  (Optional) Attach an item, such as a coupon or product link, to your message. Click Send.  Manage your Instagram messagesManage your Instagram messages in the same way you manage your other messages in Wix Inbox. Save contacts, mark messages as unread, star conversations, and more.Learn more about managing your messages.Note: According to Instagram's Messenger Platform policy, you have 7 days to reply to new messages. If you try to reply after 7 days have passed, your message will not send and you'll see a Message failed to send error.Troubleshooting Instagram and Wix Inbox connection issuesIf you are experiencing issues connecting Instagram to Inbox, try the steps below:Step 1 | Check that your Instagram account is an Instagram business account
Open the Instagram app. Go to your profile:
    
If you see "Professional dashboard" at the top, you already have a business account. If you don't, convert your personal profile to a business account.  Step 2 | Make sure that your Instagram business account is connected to your Facebook pageFollow these steps to view or change your connected Facebook page.If the correct Facebook page is already connected, try disconnecting and then reconnecting your Instagram account.Step 3 | Check you're connecting the correct Facebook accountYour Facebook page exists within your Facebook account. A Facebook account can hold multiple Facebook pages.Check your Facebook Business Manager to make sure you're connecting the correct Facebook account. This account should contain the Facebook page linked to your Instagram business account.Step 4 | Ensure you've enabled access to Instagram messagesIf you have are having trouble receiving messages, follow these steps and ensure the “Allow Access to Messages" toggle is enabled.Step 5 | Clear your cookiesIf you previously connected an Instagram account, you may need to clear Wix cookies from your browser before connecting.Step 6 | Remove and the reconnect the Wix Apps business integration in your Facebook settings﻿If the above steps don't solve your problem, remove the Wix Apps business integration in your Facebook settings and reconnect Instagram in your Wix Inbox settings.
Still need help?If the problem persists, contact us with the information below:
The name or URL of your Wix site.  The name and version of the web browser you're using.   The name and version of your computer's operating system. A screenshot of your console view using the steps below:
    
Open an incognito window in Google Chrome (Ctrl + Shift + N). Sign in to Wix and try to open your Editor.  Use the keyboard shortcut Ctrl + Shift + J (on PC) or Cmd + Option + J (on Mac). Click the Console tab at the top of the panel and refresh the page (F5). Take a screenshot of this tab.  Looking for more Wix Inbox integrations?You can connect additional channels such as Facebook and WhatsApp.Contact us to request integrations with apps such as Viber, Apple Business Chat and Yelp.