Wix Contacts: Creating a Segment
Organize your contacts into groups called segments to target the right people when sending an email campaign or reaching out to your audience. When you add a new contact to your list, or someone performs an action on your site such as signing up for your newsletter, all the data (e.g. name, email, last viewed page) is stored. You can use this valuable information to create segments of contacts built from specific filters and criteria.For example, create a segment for all contacts who have purchased an item on your site before, but have not purchased in the last 30 days. You can then send this specific group an incentive such as an email campaign with a special offer or coupon.In this article, learn more about:
Creating a segment Viewing the contacts in your segments Managing your segments Sending an email campaign to a segment How often segments are updatedCreating a segmentCreate a segment using filters and conditional logic. First pick a filter based on either a contact attribute (city, country, email) or contact activities on your site (number of purchases, last purchased). Then choose the conditional logic for this segment.In the following steps we're going to create a segment called 'returning customers'. Using an online store as an example, we want to target all contacts who meet two criteria: 1. They have purchased an item from the store before, and 2. They have been active on the site within the last 30 days but not purchased anything else. Using filters we can create a segment of contacts who meet both criteria.Important:The logic of the filters you choose changes based on the attribute or activity. For example, the conditions for 'last viewed' will be different than the conditions for 'last purchased.'To create a segment:
Go to Contacts in your site's dashboard. Click the Segments tab. Click the + Create New drop-down and select Segment. Add a name for your segment to help you identify it later (e.g. 'Returning customers'). Select all the relevant filters that apply to this segment, or click + Add a Filter to create your first filter.
Note: Add the filters one at a time. The more filters you add, the more specific the segment becomes.  Create your filter by choosing an attribute, condition and value:
Note: The options change depending on what you select.
    
Choose an option from the Contact attribute or Contact activity list. Following the 'returning customer' example, we want to find all contacts who have previously spent money on the site. To find this we select 'total amount spent.' Click the Choose a condition drop-down to choose logic for your filter. The logic sets the rules for your segment. For the 'returning customer' example we select 'is more or equal to'. (Optional) Depending on the attribute, input a value for this filter. If you chose 'total amount spent,' you also need to select an amount value. We'll choose '100' as our value.


   (Optional) Click +Add a Filter below the first filter to create another filter for your segment. Both filters work together to find matching contacts. Click Create Segment. The new segment appears under Your segments.Viewing the contacts in your segmentsYou can view contacts belonging to a segment from your Segments page. Refresh segments data before viewing to make sure you're seeing the most up-to-date list of contacts in a segment.To view the contacts in your segments:
Go to Contacts in your site's dashboard. Click the Segments tab. (Optional) Hover over the relevant segment, click the More Actions icon  and click Refresh.
Click View Contacts next to the relevant segment. Tip:Filter your contact list to view contacts belonging to multiple segments at once.Managing your segmentsThe Segments tab in the Contacts dashboard shows you all the info on the segments you've created. You can also edit and remove segments. Under Your Segments, view the date and time a segment was last updated as well as the number of contacts that match the segment.To manage your segments:
Go to Contacts in your site's dashboard. Click the Segments tab. Hover over the segment you want to manage and click the More Actions icon  . Manage your segment using the available options:
    
Edit: Update the segment's name and filters. You can also add a new filter to make the segment more specific. When you're done editing click Save Segment. Refresh: Refresh a segment's filters so that any new contacts that match the criteria are pulled into the segment. You can also see the date change next to Last updated. Send email campaign: Send a targeted email marketing campaign to this segment. This counts as one of your monthly campaign allowances.
Note: If you cannot select this option you don't have contacts that match the filter criteria yet. Delete: Remove a segment from the list. The contacts are still saved in your contact list, but the filters are deleted. Click Delete Segment to confirm.  Tip:Click View Contacts next to a segment to see a list of all the contacts that currently match the segment filters. If you don't see a certain contact in the list, try refreshing the segment.Sending an email campaign to a segmentOnce you've created a segment, send an email marketing campaign to that group to encourage them to perform a specific action. This counts towards your monthly email marketing balance (both campaign and email limits).To send an email campaign to a segment: 
Go to Contacts in your site's dashboard. Click the Segments tab. Hover over the relevant segment under Your Segments and click Send Email Campaign.
Note: If no contacts currently match a segment's filters, you cannot send a campaign.
Add elements to your campaign such as text, images, buttons and more. Learn how to add elements to your campaign. Click Next at the top right. (Optional) Add other recipients or contacts in the To: field and click Next. 
Note: The segment you selected in Step 2 is automatically included in the To: field.  Edit the sender details of your campaign including the subject line, 'From name' and reply-to email. Click Send now to send your campaign to the segment. 
Tip: You can also send a test email to see how the campaign appears, or click Schedule to schedule your campaign.How often segments are updatedSegment data is automatically updated once every 24 hours. You can refresh segment data at any time to make sure you're viewing the most up-to-date list of contacts in a segment.Depending on the segment filters you've chosen, the contacts in each segment could change very frequently. For example, a segment based on customers opening email campaigns could change multiple times a day.Follow these steps to refresh segments data.Want to gain a deeper understanding of your customer base?Segments Overview enable you to monitor activity within key contact segments, focusing on the specific populations that represent most value to your business.Click Show Segments Overview above your contact list to get started.Note: To access segments overview, you need to upgrade your site to a plan that supports payments and be fully set up for Wix Stores (added the Wix Stores app, added at least 1 product, connected a payment method, and published your site). This feature is not yet available to all users.