Protecting Your Site's Content
Content protection is important, especially when it comes to intellectual property on your site.
Add a watermark while editing images in the Photo Studio, or enable it in your Photo Albums and the Art Store. You can also add a Pro Gallery that includes a built-in right-click protect feature for your photos and videos. Alternatively, to protect your entire site, you can add the Right Click Protect app to prevent visitors from downloading your site content.In this article, learn more about:
Adding a watermark with Photo Studio Enabling watermarks in Photo Album and Art Store Right click protect in Pro Galleries Using the Right Click Protect appAdding a watermark with Photo StudioWix Photo Studio is a versatile tool that allows you to edit, adjust, and customize your images. Use the text tool to manually add a watermark to your photos. You can even adjust the font, size, format, and opacity.To add a watermark:Wix EditorStudio EditorWix app
Go to your editor. Click the Settings icon . Click Adjust. Click Text on the left. Select a text style and click to add it to your image. Enter your chosen watermark message. (Optional) Click Design to customize the text:
    
Font: Click the relevant drop-down menu to change your font and font size. Styles: Format your text using the options: Bold, Italic or Underline and choose your text color. Alignment: Choose your text alignment: Left, Center, Right or Justify and adjust your line spacing. Opacity: Increase or decrease the transparency of your text. Rotate and flip: Change your text orientation: Rotate left , Rotate right , Flip horizontally  or Flip vertically .   Click Save at the top right.
Go to your editor. Click the Settings icon . Click Adjust. Click Text on the left. Select a text style and click to add it to your image. Enter your chosen watermark message. (Optional) Click Design to customize the text:
    
Font: Click the relevant drop-down menu to change your font and font size. Styles: Format your text using the options: Bold, Italic or Underline and choose your text color. Alignment: Choose your text alignment: Left, Center, Right or Justify and adjust your line spacing. Opacity: Increase or decrease the transparency of your text. Rotate and flip: Change your text orientation: Rotate left , Rotate right , Flip horizontally  or Flip vertically .   Click Save at the top right.
Go to your site in the Wix app. Tap Manage  at the bottom. Scroll down and tap Settings. Tap Media Manager. Tap Site media. Tap the file you want to edit. Tap Edit. Scroll to the right and select Text. Enter your chosen watermark message. (Optional) Customize the text:
    
Font: Select the text font. Color: Select the text color. BG Color: Add a background color to the text. Alignment: Choose your text alignment: Left, Center, or Right.   Tap Save at the bottom right.Enabling watermarks in Photo Album and Art StoreYou can enable and display a built in watermark with Photo Albums and Art Store. You can edit the text and symbol, and even upload your own file to use as a watermark.Click an option below to see how to add a watermark from each app. Photo Albums
Go to Photo Albums in your site's dashboard. Click Manage Album next to the relevant album. Click the drop-down in the Watermark section to expand it. Enable the Add watermark toggle. Select the Images, Gallery thumbnails or Cover checkboxes to choose where your watermark is displayed. (Optional) Click Customize watermark and choose how you'd like your watermark to look:
    
Click Upload Watermark to upload an image file from your computer. Drag the Opacity slider to change the transparency of the watermark. Drag the Size slider to change the watermark's size. Use the Position grid to set where on an image your watermark appears.   Click Save.Art Store
Go to your editor. Click the Wix Art Store app. Click Settings. Click Settings from the menu on the left. Enable the Show watermark toggle.  (Optional) Click Customize Watermark to adjust the watermark's opacity, size, position, or upload your own. Note:It is not possible to add watermarks to product images in Wix Stores, although you can manually add a watermark to the image before uploading it. Right Click Protect in Pro GalleriesKeep your images safe by displaying them in a Wix Pro Gallery. Pro Gallery has built-in protection from right-clicking on desktop, so visitors can't save your images with a right click. Pro Galleries have many different layout options available, and you can easily add them from your editor.Note:If you decide later that you do want to allow site visitors to download your images, you can enable this option in the Pro Gallery settings.Tip:Want to add a watermark to your pro gallery images? Vote for this optionUsing the Right Click Protect appThe Right Click Protect is an app available from the Wix App Market. When a visitor right clicks your content, they'll see a message informing them that the content is copyrighted. You can add it to your site through the App Market, and edit the message that is displayed through the settings. Important:The Right Click Protect app does not prevent visitors using Ctrl+C to copy your content. Vote for this optionTo add the Right Click Protect app:Wix EditorStudio Editor
Go to your editor. Click Add Apps  on the left side of the editor. Search for the Right Click Protect app in the search bar. Click Add to Site. (Optional) Click Settings to edit the message shown. 
Go to your editor. Click App Market  on the left side of the editor. Click App Market. Search for the Right Click Protect app in the search bar. Click Add to Site. (Optional) Click Settings to edit the message shown. 
Go to your editor. Click App Market  on the left side of the editor. Click App Market. Search for the Right Click Protect app in the search bar. Click Add to Site. (Optional) Click Settings to edit the message shown. Note:Currently, it is not possible to add a watermark or custom logo to videos with Wix Video, however, you can add a custom logo to embedded videos. If you would like the option to add a watermark to videos in Wix Video, vote for the feature.