About Wix Payments
Wix Payments is not yet available in all countries. See FAQs below.Wix Payments is our very own payment solution, allowing you to accept debit/credit cards, Apple Pay, Tap to Pay on iPhone and Android, Google Pay, and other popular payment methods from your customers. Our integrated provider lets you manage your payments where your orders and bookings are. With our quick setup, we make it even easier for you to accept payments on your site. With Wix Payments you get:
Easy setup Secure online payments Accept credit / debit cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay, BNPL, iDeal and Pay Now by Klarna Unified dashboard for payouts, refunds and chargebacks No need for a third-party payment gateway 24 hour dedicated customer supportTo get started with Wix Payments, go to Accept Payments in your site's dashboard and select Accept Credit/Debit Cards with Wix. Learn more about creating a Wix Payments account. FAQsClick a question below to learn more about Wix Payments.In what countries is Wix Payments available?Wix Payments is currently available in the following countries and currencies:
Austria (EUR) Belgium (EUR) Brazil (BRL) Canada (CAD) Finland (EUR) Germany (EUR) Ireland (EUR) Italy (EUR) Lithuania (EUR) Netherlands (EUR) Portugal (EUR) Spain (EUR) Switzerland (CHF) United Kingdom (GBP) United States (USD)What payment methods can I accept with Wix Payments?Wix Payments allow you to accept credit card payments and various other methods such as Affirm, Afterpay, Apple Pay, Google Pay, iDEAL, or Pay Now by Klarna, depending on your location. 

You can accept payments from all major credit cards: Visa, Mastercard, Discover, AMEX, Diners, CUP, JCB and Maestro.Tip: With Wix Payments connected, you can also connect other payment providers for alternative payment methods such as PayPal or cryptocurrency payments. Learn more about accepting payments in Wix. Is there a minimum charge amount?The minimum amount for each transaction depends on your region:
United States: 1 USD Brazil: 1 BRL Canada: 1 CAD Europe: 1 EUR UK: 1 GBP Switzerland: 1 CHFWhat are the service fees?Similar to other payment processors, we charge a fee for each transaction processed by Wix Payments. Learn more about Wix Payments service fees.How often do I receive payouts?Once your account setup is complete, payouts are sent daily, weekly or monthly, depending on the payout schedule you choose. Please allow 3-5 business days for the funds to appear in your bank account. What are the Terms and Conditions for using Wix Payments?Click below to access the relevant Terms and Conditions:
Austria, Belgium, Canada, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Lithuania, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States: Wix Payments, Adyen, Stripe United States, Stripe Canada Brazil: Wix Payments, PagarmeVideo tutorialLearn how to set up your Wix Payments account and explore its features in this short tutorial.
