Wix Editor: Copying and Pasting Elements and Pages to Another Site
If you're building multiple sites using the Wix Editor that require similar elements, pages or themes, you can copy and paste content between them. This allows you to keep the design you like over several sites, without needing to add and design everything again from scratch.In this article, learn more about:
Copying and pasting an element to another site Copying and pasting a page to another site FAQs (Frequently Asked Questions)Copying and pasting an element to another siteIf you add or customize an element that you like, you can copy and paste it to another site in your Wix account. Paste single elements, or multi-select elements to quickly build content.To copy and paste an element: 
Open the Editor that contains the relevant elements. Click the element you want to copy, or multi-select several elements. Right-click and select Copy, or press Ctrl+C (Cmd+C on a Mac). Open the Editor and page you want to paste the elements to. Paste the elements by doing one of the following:
    
Right-click and select Paste, or press Ctrl+V (Cmd+V on a Mac). Right-click and select Paste & Apply Site Theme, or press Ctrl+Shift+V (Cmd+Shift+V on a Mac) to apply the color and text themes on the target site.   When pasting elements that contain media files, choose to either:
    
Don't Upload: Paste without uploading the files to the Media Manager of the target site. Upload: Paste and upload the files to the Media Manager of the target site.  You cannot copy the following elements:
Third-party apps Code in Velo by Wix Headers and footers Wix business solution apps (e.g. Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Restaurants etc). Datasets and collections Code on elements and pages  Wix Pro GalleryCopying and pasting a page to another siteCopy and paste pages as needed between your sites, as long as both are in the Wix Editor. When pasting a page on the target site, you can choose whether to apply the site's colors and fonts or keep the original design. Note:You can only copy regular pages. You cannot copy:
Anchors, links, folders, lightboxes or router pages Pages from third-party and Wix business solution apps (e.g. Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Restaurants etc).To copy and paste a page:
Click Menus & Pages  on the left side of the Editor. Right-click the relevant page and click Copy. Open the Editor of the site you want to paste to. Paste the page by doing one of the following:
    
Right-click anywhere on the screen and select Paste. Right-click anywhere on the screen and select Paste & Apply Site Theme to apply the color and text themes on the target site.   (In the Pages panel) Rename the new page:
    
Enter the new page name. Click Done  Tip:You can also use keyboard shortcuts to paste the new page on the target site:
Paste: Ctrl+V or Cmd+V on a Mac. Paste while applying the site's theme: Ctrl+Shift+V or Cmd+Shift+V on a Mac.FAQsBelow are the most frequently asked questions about copying and pasting between sites in the Wix Editor. Click a question below to learn more.Do both sites have to be in the same Wix account?You can copy pages between Wix Editor sites, even if they're in 2 different Wix accounts.The target Editor can be in a different Wix account, but must be open in the same browser as the Editor you are copying from. You can copy the element, sign into a different account, and then paste the element.Can I copy an elements design? Yes, you can copy the design of an element and use it on other similar elements on your site.What happens to elements that are linked somewhere?If any elements on the page have a link to a page, anchor or lightbox, it is replaced with a link to the home page of the target site.What happens to elements with an animation?If any elements on the page are animated, the animation is applied to the target site.Do restricted pages stay that way? (e.g., password protected or members-only pages)When copying and pasting password protected pages, the password protection is removed. When copying and pasting members-only pages, all members will have access to the pasted page.Is the pasted page added to the target site's menu? Yes. The pasted page is always added as a main page to the Site Menu page list, even if the original was a subpage.I wasn't able to copy and paste pages. Why?If you are unable to copy and paste pages, it's likely that the browser local storage is full. To resolve this, clear your local storage. 