Customizing the Social Share Settings for Your Site's Pages
When you share your pages to a social network, Wix provides the information you've included in your Social Share settings for the page. You can customize the text and images that display when you share your site's pages on social networks like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. In this article, learn more about:
Social Share Settings Customizing your page's Social Share SettingsAbout Social Share SettingsOpen graph (og) tags are used by social networks to display text and images when a page is shared. By default, the values you use in your SEO title tags and meta descriptions are used in your Social Share og:title and og:description.You can customize the following Social Share settings: 
og:image: Choose an image that reflects the topic of the page. Use the preview to see how the image will look in your social share.  og:title: Add a title that summarizes the content of the page. We recommend keeping the length below 80 characters or some of the title may be truncated. Use the preview to see how the title will look in your social share. og:description: Add a short description of the content on the page. We recommend keeping the length below 300 characters or some of the description may be truncated. Use the preview to see how the description will look in your social share.Important:Each social media channel uses its own criteria to choose the best title, description, and image for the pages that get shared on it. While it's likely the information in your Social Share settings will be used, it's not guaranteed.Customizing Your Page's Social Share SettingsGo to the Social Share section in your SEO Settings to customize your page's Social Share settings.To customize a page's Social Share settings:
Go to Search Engine Optimization (SEO) in your site's dashboard. Scroll down to Tools and settings. Click Go to SEO Settings under SEO Settings. Select the page type that you want to edit. 
Note: You will only see options for the pages that are part of your site. For example, if you added Wix Stores to your site, you'll see an option to customize settings for Products. Click Edit next to Basics & social share. Scroll down to Social share and customize the relevant settings: Social shareYou can use static text to apply the same title and description to every page, or use variables to create rules to use different values for each section or page of your site.By default, the title tag and meta description from your SEO Basics section are used in this section as variables: 
og:title: The Title tag from the SEO Basics section. og:description: The Meta description from the SEO Basics section. 
Customize the following settings:
    
og:title: The title of the post when users share your page on social media. It can be the same as your page title tag.  og:description: The description (caption) of the post that displays under the og:title when you share on social networks. Use variables to show specific information about each page.   og:image: The image that displays next to the title and description when shared on social networks. Use variables to show a different og:image on each page. If you prefer one image for all your pages, add an image URL.
Tip: Click Get an Image URL from Site Files to copy the URL of one of your site's media files. Then, hover over an image, click the More Actions icon  and select Copy URL.    Click Save.X (Twitter)Use static text to apply the same title and description to every page, or use variables to create rules to use different values for each section or page of your site.By default, the title tag and meta description from your Social share section are used in this section as variables: 
x:title: The og:title from the Social share section. x:description: The og:description from the Social share section. 
Customize the following settings:
    
Select card size: Choose the card size displayed when sharing on X: Large or Small.  x:title: The title displayed when shared on X. It can be the same as your title for other social networks.  x:description: The description displays below the x:title on X. It tells people more about your site. Use variables to show specific info about each page.  x:image: The image that shows on X. Use an image variable if you want each page to have a different image. If you prefer one image for all your pages, add an image URL.
Tip: Click Get an Image URL from Site Files to copy the URL of one of your site's media files. Then, hover over an image, click the More Actions icon  and select Copy URL.   Click Save.