Canceling a Wix Premium or Studio Plan
You can cancel your Premium plan or Studio plan at any time. Both plans come with a 14-day money back period guarantee. If you cancel after 14 days, the plan remains active until the end of the billing cycle (yearly or monthly). The plan remains active until the expiration date.After canceling, you can still change your mind any time before the expiration date by turning the auto-renewal back on. See information on payment dates in your Billing History page. You can view the expiration date from your Premium Subscriptions page.

        Click to cancel your plan now
    


        Choose plan to cancel
      

FAQsClick a question below to learn more.If I cancel my plan, can my site still be viewed online?If you cancel your plan, your site is still active and can be viewed online. You must either unpublish your site or hide your site from search results if you no longer want it to be live on the internet.After canceling, your site address reverts to the free Wix URL (siteprefix.wixsite.com/siteaddress) and Wix ads appear on your site. What happens to other services, such as a domain or business email, that I have purchased?If you purchased other services through Wix (such as a domain or business email) and no longer want them, you must turn off the auto-renew feature for these services separately.Can I unassign a plan instead of canceling it?You can unassign a plan from your site and assign it to another site in your account. Unassigning a plan does not cancel the plan.Will I lose my site content if I cancel my plan?No, canceling your plan does not delete your site content. Your site will revert to the free Wix URL and display Wix ads, but all your content will remain intact.Before you cancel, you may want to try:Are you sure you want to cancel? You may be interested in other options for optimizing your site, instead of canceling your plan.Switching to a monthly billing cycleSwitch from a yearly to a monthly billing cycle to make payments more manageable. While our longer-term plans offer great savings, with a monthly plan you don't have to commit to a long-term subscription. Learn more about changing the subscription period of your plan.Getting help building your Wix siteGet help to make it easier for you to create and maintain your site content. Hire a Wix Partner in the Wix Marketplace to build any kind of site for you using Wix. There are hundreds of talented designers available. Go ahead and find the right professional for your site.Improving your site's visibility on GoogleNot seeing your site on Google? Use the Wix SEO Checklist to get found more easily on Google. We help you pick your keywords, create a personalized plan, and get your site ranked. We also offer a variety of marketing tools to help bring more traffic to your site, such as Wix Email Marketing and Marketing Integrations. Transferring your plan or site to another accountWant to use your plan for a different site? You can assign your plan to another site in your Wix account, or transfer your site ownership (including your site plan and other services) to a different Wix account.Switching to another planWix has a range of plans to suit every level of need and budget. Wix offers you flexibility by allowing you to change your plan at any time. You can switch from one yearly plan to another, including switching to a plan with fewer features. Learn more about choosing a Premium plan or a Studio plan. Canceling your planStill want to cancel? We're sorry to see you go. Please read through the following important information before you go ahead.
Free site status: If you cancel your site plan, it remains active until the end of the subscription period. After that, your site address reverts to the free Wix URL (siteprefix.wixsite.com/siteaddress) and Wix ads appear on your site.  Renewal date: To make sure that your site never experiences any downtime, your site plan may renew up to 14 days before the original purchase date. Canceling your plan turns off this auto-renewal. Refund period: Site plans come with a 14-day money-back guarantee. If you cancel during the first 14 days, your plan ends immediately and you are fully refunded (within the next 20 business days).
Note: If you want to keep your plan active until the end of the subscription period (i.e. turn off the auto-renew process) you must wait until the first 14 days are over before canceling. Other subscriptions: Canceling your site plan does not cancel any domain, business email, or app subscriptions that you have in your Wix account. You must cancel those separately. Deleting a site: Canceling a site plan does not delete the site that it's assigned to. If you want to delete your site, first cancel your plan (or unassign it) and then delete your site.To cancel your site plan: 
Go to Premium Subscriptions in your Wix account. Click the More Actions icon  next to the relevant plan. Click Cancel Plan. Click Cancel Now to confirm.This does not cancel your plan immediately. Your plan will remain active until the end of the current subscription period. At that time, the plan will not renew. 