Hiring a Wix Professional
Hire a Wix Professional that fits your style and budget to create or enhance your web presence. Wix Professionals are certified freelancers and agencies that you can get matched with in the Wix Marketplace. You can submit a project request to get matched with a suitable Wix Professional or search for a specific freelancer or agency that meets your needs.Tell me more about the services offered by Wix ProfessionalsWix Professionals in the Wix Marketplace offer the following services:
Web Design: Get your Wix site looking exactly the way you want it by hiring a web designer.  Small Tasks: Get specific tasks on your website completed, such as connecting a domain, setting up business email, installing apps and more.  Online Store: Get an online store created to showcase your products, set up shipping and more.  Web Development: Add advanced functionality, sophisticated web applications, and custom store capabilities by hiring a Velo web developer.  Marketing & Promoting: Promote your website, launch email marketing campaigns, and get found in Google by hiring a marketing specialist.  Graphic Design: Enhance your brand, get your logo designed, and create a graphic language for your business by hiring a graphic designer. In this article, learn more about:
Getting matched with a Wix Professional Searching for a Wix Professional and services in the Wix Marketplace Getting matched with a Wix ProfessionalLet Wix find you a Professional based on your needs. Provide the details of your project request by answering a few short questions. We'll review your request and match you with Professionals that best suit your needs. 

You'll hear back from a Professional within 1 business day. Together, you can discuss the project details and price to decide if you'd like to hire them.Important:Before you hire a Wix Professional, make sure to discuss and agree on the price and payment method that works for both of you. It’s important to set the costs and terms of your agreement together with your professional. Please note that Wix doesn’t get involved in disputes. For more details, check out the Wix Marketplace Terms of Service.To submit a project request:
Sign in to your Wix account. Go to your projects page in the Wix Marketplace. Click New Project at the top right and select Find me a professional. Choose what you need help with and click Next.  Continue filling out the details of your request.  Enter your contact details and click Submit.Submitted a project request?Learn how to manage project requests you've submitted.Searching for a Wix Professional and servicesIn the Wix Marketplace you can filter by service, price, location, and language to find the Professional that's right for you. Explore profiles to view projects and learn more about each Professional. Submit the details of your request and get a quote directly from the Professional. 

You should hear back from the Professional within 1 business day. Together, you can go over the project details and price to decide if you'd like to hire them. To search for a professional:
Sign in to your Wix account. Go to your projects page in the Wix Marketplace. Click New Project at the top right and select Explore professionals. Browse for Wix Professionals and services that you're looking for. (Optional) Edit the filters to fine-tune your search results. 
Click on a Wix Professional to view their profile.  Click Contact under the Wix Professional's profile image. Fill in the details of your request and your contact details and click Submit.