Wix Forms: Creating Automated Responses for Form Submissions
Create automations for each form submission on your site. Send "thank you" emails to your visitors who submit a form, create a new task for yourself or a team member, send a chat message and much more.Wix Forms automatically comes with recommended automations you can activate or customize to fit your needs. Note:When creating or editing an automation, you'll see 2 Wix Forms triggers. The blue icon represents the new Wix Forms; The red icon is for old Wix Forms. Learn about old and new Wix FormsTo create an automation for your form:New FormsOld Forms
Go to Automations in your site's dashboard. ﻿Click + New Automation. Click + Start from Scratch.
Note: To use a suggested automation, search for a keyword (e.g. "forms") and select from the relevant options. You can edit the trigger and actions of a suggested automation. ﻿Click the title to give your automation a name. In the Trigger section, click Wix Forms (blue icon).
 Select an option under Select a trigger:
    
Option chosen on a form: The automation is triggered when a specific option within a form is chosen before being submitted. 
        
Click + Select under Select a form. Only forms with choice fields will appear. Click + Select under Select a field. The choice fields that appear include single choice, multi-choice, dropdown, and checkbox.   Form submitted: The automation is triggered after a form on your site is submitted. Choose the relevant option under Select which forms trigger this automation:
        
Any: All forms trigger this automation. Specific: Select which form(s) will trigger this automation.     Click the Limit frequency to drop-down to set trigger frequency:
    
Don't limit (trigger every time): Your action will take place every time it is triggered. Once per contact: Your action will take place only once per contact. Once per contact every 24hrs: Your action will take place only once per contact in any 24hr period.   (Optional) Add a delay between a trigger and its action, to have the action occur after a certain amount of time passes. (Optional) Add a condition to make the automation occur when certain conditions are met. Choose an action and decide how you want to respond to the trigger. For example, send an email, a chat message, or a push notification. (Optional) Add a chain of follow-up actions from the initial action. Click Activate to save and activate the automation.Tip:You can send an automated email when a site visitor submits a form, and customize the sender details, email template, and email type. Learn more about sending automated emails.
Click the form on your site.  Click Form Settings.  Click the Automations tab. Click Create under a recommended automation.  (Optional) Customize your automation.  Click Activate.Tip:Click View Your Automations to access and manage all of your automations. 