Adding Funds to Cover Refunds in Your Wix Payments Account
You may need to refund a customer and currently don't have enough funds in your Wix Payments account to cover the return. If your current balance can't cover a specific refund, you'll need to add funds to your Wix Payments account.See how refund top-ups are calculatedIf you have scheduled payouts, processing payments and / or reserve funds in your account, they are used to offset the amount required for top-up. For example:$100 Refund amountMinus -$20 Scheduled payout$20 Processing payment$10 Reserve funds ---------------------------$50 Top-up neededTo issue a refund and add funds:Issue refunds from your Wix Payments account on desktop or from the Wix app on your mobile device.DesktopWix app
Go to Payments in your site's dashboard. Select the payment to refund. Click Refund.
 Enter the amount you wish to refund. (Optional) Add a note. Click Refund and confirm by clicking Yes, Refund. If you need to add funds to refund your customer:
    
Click Add Funds & Complete Refund to add funds to your account. Enter your credit / debit card details and click Add Funds & Complete Refund.  
Go to Payments in the Wix app. Tap on the payment to refund. Tap Refund.
 (Optional) Tap the Note icon  to add a note of the details of this refund and tap Save. Enter the amount to refund, and tap Issue Refund. Tap Issue Refund to confirm. If you need to add funds to refund your customer:
    
Click Add Funds & Complete Refund to add funds to your account. Enter the amount of funds to be added and tap Continue. Enter your payment details and tap Add Funds.  What's next?Once the funds are processed, we'll automatically refund the relevant customer. It may take up to 3-5 business days for the refund to appear in your customer's statement.  Notes:
To add more than $20,000 to your account, contact Wix Customer Care for assistance. If you have multiple payment methods in your Wix Payments account, a negative refund balance applies only to a single payment method group. Funds from one group cannot be used to cover a negative balance from another group.