Switching Your Site Template
While creating a website, we understand that you might have a change of heart and want to switch to another template. While it's not possible to switch to a different template for a site you already created, you can create as many sites as you want in your account. This means you can start over with a new template at any point. Once you have chosen your new template, you can import elements, pages and media from your old site, and transfer your plan and domain to it.Step 1: Choose your new templateGet started by selecting a new template from our huge range of professionally designed templates. There are a variety of options and categories available including portfolio sites, business services, eCommerce templates and more, so you can choose the best style for your brand needs. 
View our Editor templates View our Studio Editor templatesStep 2: Copy elements and pages from your old siteTo make the process much easier when starting again with a new template, you can copy and paste elements and pages from your old site, or save and re-use design assets, depending on which Editor you are using.Learn more about:Copying elements from an Editor siteIn the Editor, you can copy specific elements from your old site, and paste them on to your new site. You can also copy and paste entire pages to make the process of starting on a new a template a breeze! Learn how to copy and paste elements and pages to a new site.You can also right-click on any element or section and save it to My Designs. They will be saved in a design library that you can use on any Editor site in your account. Copying elements from an Editor X siteIn Editor X, you can save and  re-use design assets in a library that you can use on any of your Editor X sites. This saves you time as you don't need to create elements, groups of elements, or sections from scratch.Note: While you can't copy entire pages from Editor X, you can save entire sections as design assets that you can use on your new site.Copying elements from a Studio Editor siteIn Studio Editor, you can save and re-use design assets in a library that you can use on any of your Studio Editor sites. This saves you time as you don't need to create elements, groups of elements, or sections from scratch.Note: While you can't copy entire pages from the Studio Editor, you can save entire sections as design assets that you can use on your new site.Are there parts of other templates you want to use?You can also copy or save designs (using My Designs or Design Assets) from any template you like, and then add them to your site.Step 3: Import media from your old siteAll the media from your existing site is saved under Site Files in your Media Manager. Site Files folders can be accessed from the Media Manager from all the sites in your account. If you want to add any file from your existing site to your new site, just import it from the Site Files folder. Can't find a file you are looking for?Search your Media Manager to find the file you need.Step 4: Transfer additional featuresWhen starting over with a new template, it's important to note that there are some features that you can transfer over to the new site and some that you can't. What other features can I transfer to a new template?You can transfer the following features from one Wix site to another. 
Business email Ascend Plan and features Wix BlogWhat features can't I transfer to a new template?You cannot transfer the following features from one Wix site to another. However, we really want to hear from you. Click the features you want to be able to transfer below to add your vote and view possible workarounds:
Site Theme, Design and Layout Premium Apps Contacts Site Members Wix Inbox messages Wix Invoices Wix Stores Wix Video Wix Bookings Wix Photography apps Wix Hotels Email Marketing Marketing IntegrationsStep 5: Transfer your plan and domainOnce your new site is ready, you can transfer your plan which you used to upgrade your site, and the domain from your old site to your new one. This ensures that your site will be fully functioning and live on the internet with your unique domain name, just as it used to be. The process takes just a couple of minutes.Learn how to transfer your plan and domain to your new site.FAQsClick a question below to learn more about switching to a new site template..What will happen to my site's SEO if I start with a new template?Changing to a new site template can affect your site's SEO. You can learn more about site redesign and SEO with our dedicated blog post.What happens to my uploaded fonts?If you uploaded fonts to your old site, they will also be available in the Font drop-down in the new site. How can I vote for the feature to switch templates?If you would like to vote for the ability to switch your site's template, go to this article and click Vote for this feature at the bottom. 