Getting an Overview of Your Payments
Go to Payments in your site's dashboard to view and manage your payments. Get an overview of all the payments you've received through your site, as well as extensive details of individual transactions. Gain insights into your customers' payment preferences, and view the history of payments to your business over time.  Payment activity overviewAt the top of the page you can see an overview of your activity, tallying your gross income, net income and the number of payments you've received so far. Click the drop-down menu to adjust your desired date range.Viewing all paymentsIn the All payments section, you can see a list of all your payments received through any payment method or payment provider. The list includes the following details for each transaction:   
Date: The date of the payment Customer: The name of the customer who placed the order Product/Service: A description of what was purchased Payment method: The payment method used (e.g. credit card, PayPal, etc.) Status: The current status of the payment (e.g. successful, failed, refunded, pending) Amount: The amount of the purchaseFiltering your paymentsYou can search for specific payments by filtering. Use one or more of the following filters to organize your payments: Status, Payment provider, Payment method and Order type. Select the relevant timeframe using the Date fields. Understanding payment statusesDepending on the nature and recency of a transaction, your payments may have one of the following statuses:
Pending: Waiting for payment to be confirmed by the payment provider Successful: The transaction has been completed and the payment has been captured by the payment provider Declined: The payment was not confirmed by the provider Refund: The payment has been refunded Chargeback: Your customer requested their credit card company to return the fundsViewing more payment detailsClick a payment to see more details about it. Once a payment is clicked, you will see a new page offering such information as:
Payment details: The payment ID, processing data, and the payment status Payment method details: The payment provider and credit card details Order details: Description of the order and shipping information Customer info: The name, email address and phone number your customer provided during the checkout processDownloading a CSV file of your paymentsIf you need a CSV file, you can click the Download icon  to instantly download your payment report.Manual (offline) paymentsIf you're receiving payments using the manual (offline) method, you must mark them as paid before they appear in your payments page.You can manually mark the following payments as paid:
Store orders in Wix Stores Services in Wix BookingsFAQsClick the questions below to learn more about accepting payments.How do I refund a customer?If your payment provider supports refunds made through Wix, follow the steps:
Go to Payments Click on the payment you wish to refund. Click Refund.
 Enter the amount to refund and a note (if needed). Click Refund. If the refund option is not available, it means you'll have to contact your payment provider directly to issue a refund. How do I get my payouts? Payouts are managed by your payment provider. If your provider is a third-party provider, contact them directly. 
If your provider is Wix Payments, learn about receiving payouts from Wix Payments. I'm using Wix Hotels. How do I set up my payments?Learn how to set up and manage your payments for Wix Hotels.