Wix Editor: Differences in Live Site and Editor
You may notice differences between your live site and the editor. In most cases, this occurs when you have saved changes in the editor but not yet published them. Make sure to click Publish in your editor to check if this is the reason for the differences. If you are still unable to see the changes on your live site, follow the steps below.Important:Make sure you're also using a supported browser. Outdated browsers such as Internet Explorer 10 may display rendering issues between your editor and the live site. Changes in the editor missing on the live siteIf you've made changes in your editor that do not appear on your live site:
Click Publish in your editor, then check your live site to see if it has updated.  If you're receiving an error when publishing, click here.  Follow the steps in the Wix Technical Assistant to resolve the issue. Changes on the live site missing in the EditorIf you notice changes that appear on your live site are missing in the editor:
Check your site history to locate the last saved version with the changes. You can restore your editor to the version with the changes if you've saved over them. Make sure you're checking the correct page in your editor that corresponds to the page on your live site with the differences. Learn how to find the URL of a specific page in your editor.  Follow the steps in the Wix Technical Assistant to resolve the issue. Other reasons for differences
Font differences can occur between browsers because they use different rendering engines. Alignment issues can occur between browsers because they use different rendering engines. Site collaborators can save over your changes. In site history, you can view a collaborator's email address for each saved version and restore versions if needed. Click here to vote for the ability to have multiple collaborators edit at the same time.  Custom code can have unexpected results that affect your site's performance. Follow the Disable Custom Code steps in the Wix Technical Assistant to resolve the issue. 