Wix Editor: Customizing Your Sections
Page sections are the building blocks of your site pages. Use them divide your page content, and create a clear, structured layout for your visitors.Once you've added and set up your sections, use the options to customize them to your liking. You can add additional elements, change the background and size, and much more.In this article, learn how to:
Add elements to your section Change your section background Make sections bigger or smaller Add a background scroll effect to your section Add a shape dividerAdding elements to your sectionAdd elements to your sections to display important information, such as opening hours, products, or services, or to decorate your site with visuals.To add elements to your section:
Click Add Elements  on the left side of the Editor. Click a category. Drag an element on to the section.Changing the background of your sectionChange the background of your section to suit your site's look and feel. Keep it simple with a block of color, or add media to make your pages fun and dynamic. To change your section background:
Right-click the section in your Editor. Click More Actions. Click Change Section Background and choose from the following options:
    
Color / Gradient: Select a color from the picker. You can choose one from your site's theme, or add a custom color to make it pop. You can also click Gradient or Fluid Gradient from the top of the panel to add a unique gradient background. Image: Choose from a range of free images from Wix and Unsplash, purchase an image from Shutterstock, or upload your own for a unique touch. Video: Select a stunning, high-quality video from Wix or Shutterstock, or upload and add your own video to the background.   Adjusting the size of your sectionYou can make your section bigger to fit more elements and content, or smaller for a more minimalist look. To adjust the size of your section:
Click the section in your Editor. Click and drag the Adjust section height handle  at the bottom of the section to make it taller or shorter.Note:The smallest size you can make your section is 40px.Adding a scroll effect to your sectionScroll effects give your sections that extra touch, and create an eye-catching experience on your site. Select an effect that works for your needs, and further personalizes your site and brand.To add a scroll effect:
Right-click the section in your Editor. Click More Actions. Click Background Scroll Effects. Select an effect from the options.Adding a shape dividerShape dividers are graphic shapes you can use to create eye-catching structure between section content, or sections themselves.There are a range of design options available from Wix, or upload your own to add a personal touch. You can even apply a shape divider to the top and / or bottom of a section to fit your layout needs.To add a shape divider:
Double-click the section in your Editor. Click the Shape Dividers icon . Click the Top or Bottom tab to choose where to add the divider. Select a divider to add to your section:
    
Suggested designs: Click one of the styles available in the panel. Additional designs offered by Wix:

Click + More Shapes. (In the Media Manager) Select a design from the Media from Wix tab. Click Choose File to apply it to your section.   Your own shape divider: 

Click + More Shapes. (In the Media Manager) Select the shape you want to use from the Site Files tab, or upload a new one. Click Choose File to apply it to your section.    Want to know more?You can customize a shape divider's design to complement your section's look and theme.