Troubleshooting iPad and Tablet Live Site Issues
Wix sites are compatible for viewing on iPads and tablets. All tablet devices, regardless of operating system, display the desktop version of your site. 

Keep in mind that iPads and tablets do not have the same capabilities as desktop computers, and larger sites may take longer to load. Additionally, some features may not function the same on iPads and tablets (e.g. visitors can tap their screens but cannot hover over elements on your site).Resolving general issuesTo resolve general iPad or tablet live site issues:Make sure you are using the most recent version of Chrome or Safari on a supported operating system (click Supported browsers and operating systems for iPads and tablets below).Clear your browser's cache and cookies:iPad or iPod touch instructionsAndroid instructionsSupported browsers and operating systems for iPads and tabletsWix supports viewing live sites from iPads and tablets. However, the Wix Editor is not supported on iPads or tablets.

Supported browsers on iPads and tablets:
Google Chrome  Safari 
Supported operating systems on iPads and tablets:
iPads: iOS 14 and above Android: 9.0 and aboveResolving specific issuesClick below to learn how to resolve specific iPad or tablet live site issues:Content is cut off on the sides of your screenOn iPads and tablets Wix sites are cropped within the vertical gridlines of the Editor. To resolve this issue:Make sure to place your content within the vertical gridlines in your Editor. You can also use columns which are responsive to your screen's width to fit your content within most screens.Text appears as two linesFonts render differently on different devices and browsers. This can cause a single line of text to expand and appear over two lines on the live site.

To resolve this issue:
Remove formatting from the text:
    
Copy and paste the text into Notepad (TextEdit on Mac). Paste the text into a new text box by pressing Ctrl + Shift + V (or Cmd + Shift + V on Mac) on your keyboard.  (If necessary) Format your text using the options in the Text Settings panel.   In your Editor, expand the width of your text box slightly so that there is room for your text to widen without it appearing on the next line.  Publish your site.  Clear your browser's cache. View your live site to make sure the text appears correctly. Text and images are misalignedWix doesn’t support text wrapping. If you've placed an image on top of an empty area in a text box, they will not align the same across all browsers and devices which use different rendering engines.To resolve this issue:Split up your text into multiple text boxes and make sure images are not placed on top. Other alignment issuesIf text is misaligned with other elements on your live site it may be related to fonts rendering differently on different browsers and devices. To resolve this issue:Use columnsUse the Repeaters elementUse container boxesLearn more about aligning your site to display correctly on different browsers.Note:Android tablets and iPads do not support video backgrounds or parallax scrolling.Check out Wix Studio:Wix Studio is the ultimate platform for freelancers and agencies. This flexible, end-to-end solution includes smart design capabilities and flexible dev tools that let you deliver exceptional results for clients in any industry.Learn more about Wix Studio:
Check our guided tour introducing the new Studio Editor. Take the Wix Studio Essentials course and watch loads of videos and webinars on demand in the Wix Studio Academy. Join our community forum to ask and discuss anything related to Studio.  Browse through the Wix Studio help center for all the instructions and explanations you need.