Customizing the Checkout Page
Important:This article is relevant for Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, Wix Restaurants Orders (New) orders, and Wix Donations.Customize the elements that appear in your site's Checkout Page to suit your business needs. In this article, learn more about:
Customizing the info collected from customers Adding a subscription checkbox Displaying your business name or logo Adding site policies Enable automatic invoicing Allow customers to redeem gift cards Enable saving credit cards on file Enabling authorization and capture FAQsCustomizing the info collected from customersThe Checkout Page comes with a number of essential fields that cannot be deleted: email, first name, last name, phone, and the delivery details (i.e. the address info). In addition, you can add custom fields to help you collect the information you need. These can include multiple choice fields, text fields, and more.To customize checkout page fields:
Go to Checkout Settings in your site's dashboard. Click Customize your checkout. Click Edit next to Checkout form. Choose what to do next:Customize a default field
Phone: 

Click the Phone field in the preview. Enable or disable the Required field toggle. 
Note: If disabled, customers can complete checkout without entering a phone number.    Delivery details:

Click the group of fields under Delivery details field in the preview. Enable or disable the Show "Address - line 2" toggle.   Tip: The email and name fields have no customizations.Add a new custom field
Click the Create field on the left.   Select the type of field you want to add. Customize the field using the available general and advanced customizations.
Tip: Get detailed instructions on how to add and customize custom fields.Notes:
Go to the order in the Orders tab to view what customers entered in custom fields. Customers who check out with PayPal do so in the PayPal dashboard, so they may not see custom fields that you added.Create a conditional ruleYou can create rules that govern which fields are displayed on your form. For example, you can have a custom field asking if this is a business purchase. If the customer selects "Yes", you can then display additional relevant fields. Customers who answer "No" won't see these fields.Learn how to add conditional rules to your checkout fields.If you added an Additional Info field before Feb. 2024:
If you added a custom field before we released advanced checkout forms, it will still appear on your live site. No need to update anything.  You'll see the field in the new form composer, but without most of the customization options (e.g. without the option to add placeholder text). It appears next to your default fields. To customize fields added before Feb. 2024, delete the field and re-add it. Note that this cannot be undone.Adding a subscription opt-in checkboxKeep customers coming back to your business by inviting them to subscribe to your marketing communications or email list during checkout. You decide whether the checkbox is selected by default or not.To add a checkbox to the checkout page:
Go to Checkout Settings in your site's dashboard. Click Customize your checkout. Click the Subscription opt-in checkbox toggle to enable it.  Select or deselect the Checked by default checkbox:
    
Selected: The subscription checkbox is checked by default, but customers can always deselect it. Deselected: Customers need to select the checkbox themselves in order to subscribe to your SMS and email list.  What's next?After a customer subscribes, a "Subscribed" label is added to the customer details in your Contact List.Displaying your business name or logoDecide what to display at the top of the Checkout Page. You can display your company's logo:You also have the option of displaying your company name.Before you begin:If you have not already done so, go to Settings in your site's dashboard, click Business info, and add your company name and logo.To customize the header:
Go to Checkout Settings in your site's dashboard. Click Edit next to Checkout header. Select a header option and customize it: 
    
Display your logo: 
        
Click Logo. Click the Show "checkout" next to the logo toggle to enable or disable it. Select a logo size. Select an alignment, side or center.   Display your business name:

Click Name. Select an alignment, side or center.    Adding site policies Display your site's policies on the checkout page so customers know what to expect. Policies can appear: 
As clickable links in the footer of your checkout page (Optional) Next to a policy checkbox that customers must agree to before checking outTo create site policies:
Go to checkout settings in your site's dashboard. Click Customize your checkout. Click Policies. Select the policies you want to create.
Enter the policy text.Tip:As soon as you select the checkbox next to a policy and enter text, it's displayed in the footer of your Checkout Page.
(Optional) Create a custom policy (e.g. Shipping Policy):
Note: Custom policies do not appear next to a policy checkbox.
    
Click + Create Your Own Custom Policy. Enter a policy name. Enter the policy text.   (Optional) Add a policy checkbox:
Note: This means customers are asked to agree to your policies before completing checkout.
    
Click the Policy agreement checkbox toggle to enable it Select a Checked by default setting:
        
Selected: The checkbox is already checked on the Checkout Page.   Deselected: Customers need to select the checkbox to agree with your policy and check out.      Enabling automatic invoicingYou can set it so an invoice is automatically created every time an order is paid online. These invoices will indicate a balance of $0.00 since the order has already been fully paid.Invoices are only created for:
Orders paid online through your site (not with the manual payment method) Orders for which you have the buyer's email address Orders for which you have not yet created an invoiceTo automatically generate an invoice for every order:
Go to Checkout Settings in your site's dashboard. Click Payments. Select the Invoices checkbox.Note:If you issue a partial or complete refund on a store order, the invoice doesn't update to reflect the refund amount.Adding or removing the "Redeem a gift card" linkThe option to enter a gift card code at checkout is automatically enabled if you set up gift cards.Important:Do not disable the toggle after selling gift cards, since it will prevent gift card recipients from being able to redeem cards.To add or remove the gift card link:
Go to Settings in your site's dashboard.  Click Checkout. Select Payments. Click the Gift cards toggle to enable or disable it:
    
Enabled: The "Redeem a gift card" link appears on the Checkout Page so customers can pay for orders using a gift card. Disabled: Customers are unable to redeem gift cards.  Enabling saving credit cards on fileGive customers the option of letting you save and charge their credit or debit cards. Important:
Use this payment method correctly to avoid charging customers unexpectedly. Make sure you read this article to learn how to save cards responsibly.  To charge clients' saved cards, you must use a payments provider that supports this feature, such as Wix Payments or Isracard. You can add this checkbox to the Checkout Page. When customers pay with a credit or debit card, they can select the checkbox. This allows you to securely save cards on file and charge customers later, with their consent and knowledge.Learn more about saving and charging customers' cards.Enabling authorization and captureBy enabling the toggle, you can authorize payments first and then capture (collect) the actual payments later. If there's an order you choose not to fulfil, you can void the payment without needing to process a refund. Important:
Authorization and capture is available only through Wix Payments.  Authorization and capture can only be applied to orders paid for through a credit card payment. This means that additional payment methods, such as PayPal, Apple Pay, Google Pay, will be hidden from your website (see FAQ below). It's not currently possible to collect partial captures.Payment is then held for up to 7 days. When you're ready to collect or void the payment, you can access the order in the dashboard, click the Collect Payment button, and select Capture payment or Void payment.Tip:At checkout, your customer isn't notified that the payment isn't sent immediately.Learn more about authorizing payment and capturing funds later.FAQsClick a question below to learn more.How can I allow customers to leave a tip while checking out?You can give customer the opportunity to leave a tip on the checkout page using the Wix Tips app. Choose whether you want to display pre-selected tips or allow customers to leave a custom amount.
How can I remove the "Enter a promo code" link?By default, a promo code link appears in the Cart Page and in Order Summary part of the Checkout Page.This link allows customers to enter any coupon codes that you've created for your site. If you don't use coupon codes, you can remove the link from appearing on both pages.To remove the promo code link:
Click the Cart in the editor. Click Settings. Click the Settings tab.  Deselect the checkbox next to Promo code link.Can I preview the checkout process before my site goes live?Note: Previewing the checkout is available only for Wix Stores.Yes, you can make a test purchase before launching your online store. To do so, you need to set up certain conditions.Can I let customers check out without logging into my site?When you add Wix Stores, Wix Bookings, or Wix Restaurants Orders to your site, the Members area is automatically added. There, customers can save their details, view their orders and bookings, and more.You can remove the login option from checkout by deleting the Members Area from your site. Can I change where the "Continue Browsing" link in the Checkout Page directs to?When customers click the "Continue Browsing" link in the Checkout Page, they are directed to your homepage. It's not possible to customize this.It is, however, possible to customize where the "Continue Browsing" link in the Cart Page directs.